My husband and I satayed for two nights at the Hilton Chicago,and enjoyed every minute of it! The bedrooms are immaculate,and the linnens are very soft. We also appreciated the free wifi,as we could stay in touch with friends while staying in Chicago. The bathroom was quite spacious,and I loved the smell of the shampoo they provided-not like most hotel shampoos. Their service was amazing,and we absolutely loved the beautiful indoor pool. I would recommend staying here to anyone.
The Hilton Chicago was amazing!! It is close to almost everything that Chicago has to offer! We could walk to Lake Michigan, Grant Park, Niketown, Watertower place, etc. The rooms were very nice and refreshed every day. Also, they allow pets!! You don't have to go far to get good food because they have a few different restaurants right there! Overall experience was an A++.
Excellent hotel in the heart of Chicago. The room we stayed in had a great view of Lake Michigan. We went in July for a vacation and everything is easily accesible from the hotel. Most major attractions are in around the Loop area. We also got a great deal on the price. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago - its in the right spot for both business and pleasure.
I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for my cousins wedding. The service was impeccable. Not only was the staff attentive, they were respectful and careful not to interrupt the guests or make themselves known when serving dinner. I had the chicken wellington and it was to die for! The chicken was perfect and moist but the pastry crust was flaky and crispy. They even had Pakistani dinner options for some of the guests. The amenities were great, and after an open bar the night before, the Mimosas and brunch buffet couldn't have been better! I would love to have my wedding there.
The Downtown Chicago Hilton was the best combination of all the things we were looking for in a hotel- perfect location for both those of us who like shopping and those of us who prefer tourist attractions. Staying with a Hilton means the essentials are never a concern- as always, the room was clean and impeccably neat, the staff friendly and very capable. The wireless access and big flat screen TV were an added plus too! Best of all, it is a pet-friendly hotel, something that is unusual in bigger city 4-diamond hotels. Thanks, Chicago Hilton, for a great stay!
The Chicago Hilton is a great hotel our stay there was fantastic. The hotel is placed in the heart of the city were you can find it a easy walk to almost everything from the local colleges to the great restaurant that surround the city. The room itself was clean and the staff was fun and helpful. I can't really say anything bad about this place it was a great time and a great place to stay while we were there. 
My husband and I stayed in the Hilton Chicago and had a very nice stay! The rooms were large and comfortable. The view of Lake Michigan from our room was gorgeous. Room service was really good and quick,eating in the room looking at that view, awesome! The pool was really nice but we didnt get a chance to use it. Great location for all of the downtown Chicago attractions such as theaters and museums. Very friendly staff and knowledgable, you cant go wrong staying here. 
My stay here was superb. The view from my windows was stunning, as I looked out I could see the beautiful Grant Park. The room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting. The bed was very comfortable. The wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips. THe hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca. Overall I thouroughly enjoyed my stay here. 
I stayed here for a weekend while visiting some friends in town. It was a little pricey, but definitely worth it! The staff was super friendly, the pool was clean and well-maintained, and they even had a really good veggie burger in the restaurant downstairs (I'm a vegetarian). Plus, I paid for a room with a lake view and it was gorgeous. I would definitely recommend. 
We chose to stay at the Hilton Chicago because it was in such a centralized location- everything that our family wanted to do in town was located so close! What I didn't expect was for the beds to be so comfortable. I can't remember when I got a better night's sleep. The staff was very friendly and the hotel grounds were impeccably kept. We'll be returning to the Hilton Chicago the next time we're in town!
The Hilton Chicago is one of the best Hotels I have ever had the good fortune to lodge at in my entire life. It is an extremely luxirious hotel located on the "Cultural Michigan Avenue Mile", and it overlooks Grant Park, Lake Michigan, and Museum Campus. In addition to overlooking those wonderful sights, it's also located conveniently close to Chicago's convention center, McCormick Place Convention Center, as well as the business center, shopping and theatre. Furthermore, there are a myriad of attractions close to the hotel, such as Millenium Park, Buckingham Park, and the Sears Tower. The amenities offered by the Hilton Chicago hotel include 100% wireless Internet access in all guest rooms, 27" inch flat screen televisions, a Serenity Bed, and two-line direct dial phones. And on top of all that, the hotel is pet friendly! I'll definitely be staying here again.
The Hilton Hotel helped us make the most of our trip to Chicago. Not only are they centrally located near most of Chi towns hot spots, but they also helped coordinate discounted admissions to various other attractions. The Hilton is very classy with their accommodations. I will be returning at my earliest convenience, be it for business or pleasure.
This hotel is located right in the hustle and bustle of the city of Chicago. It is ideal for the corporate executive. Not only in terms of location but the hotel offers a spectacular view of the ocean. The dining room is spacious and makes eating at this hotel a really pleasant experience. While dining the guest experiences a nice ambiance as they overlook the city, which is picturesque especially at night, when the city lights come on. The rooms are nice and spacious and allows the guest to get all their work done with a desk area. I would strongly recommend this hotel for the corporate executive!
The stay at the Hilton Chicago definetely felt like a vacation. Sleeping in that big wonderful bed felt like I was at home! The accommodations and hotel are beautiful. I especially enjoyed the gym. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would reccommend this Hotel to anyone who is looking for a home away from home.
Last week I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for 4 days and 3 nights and I was very pleased with the experience. As soon as I approached the front desk, I knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous. They had given me a list of local attractions such as the Museum of Science and Industry, the Broadcast Museum, the Ford Center For The Performing Arts and Willis Tower. I stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed, a 27 inch television, non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities. The indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track. Eating in the area is not a problem as the Hilton Chicago is home to Kitty O'Sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic Irish fare. In conclusion, I had a wonderful time staying here and I can not wait to plan my return trip to the Hilton Chicago.
Our stay at the Hilton Chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure. The staff was super friendly and helpful, the room was very clean and the location was fantastic. The walking track was an especially nice touch. Highly recommended!
great hotel. went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time. The hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at. Beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery. Great staff and wonderfull food as well, i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work.
My family chose to stay at the Chicago Hilton during our last trip to the city. We wanted something luxurious and centrally-located without having to pay exorbitant prices. I can honestly say we made an excellent decision in picking the Hilton. The staff treated us well, the rooms were clean and roomy (we loved the Serenity beds), and the hotel itself is stunning. It was like stepping back in time. We loved that the Chicago Hilton was close to numerous attractions. The weather was lovely, so it was great to walk to Navy Pier, Sears Tower, and the Adler Planetarium. We will definitely stay at the Hilton the next time we are in Chicago.
The Hilton in Chicago was awesome. The room was very clean and the hotel staff was very professional. One of the features I liked, was that in my room the internet access was wire and wireless, considering my laptop is not wireless, it help me out alot. Food was very good, quality was great. There was also a flat screen in my room...awesome. The hotel itself is locaated in the middle of alot of resturants with fin dinning. I also enjoyed the gym very much. Overall, I enjoyed myself, and I will stay again at the Hilton when I return to Chicago.
Me and my wife recently stayed at the Hilton Chicago while on vacation, and I can't recommend it enough. The hotel is located right on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago, and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores. The rooms are spacious and elegant; they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish. I especially liked the big flat screen TV and the very comfy bed, sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but I had no problem falling asleep. I highly recommend the Hilton Chicago, I'll definitely stay there again. A+ 
Let me just preface this by saying that I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel. I chose it largely for location as I don't really love to walk that much and I was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city. It was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and I mainly ventured out for food, of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help. We had originally booked the King Guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the Deluxe King Guestroom by the front desk. Everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something I look for and remember when I go to stay in a location again. Our room was amazing. Seriously amazing. It was so chic and I just loved the headboard over our bed. There wasn't one little spot of dust to be found. The bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet. We didn't take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious. We had dinner at David Burke's Primehouse. I cannot recommend the NY Ribeye more highly. It was fantastic. For dessert we had the brown butter corn cake. I've been trying to replicate that dish ever since I got home. I'm sad to say that I didn't get a chance to try any of the treatments at Spa by Asha but I definitely will make a point to on my return visit. The James Chicago made our trip to Chicago memorable. The staff was friendly, the hotel beautiful, and the food delicious. What more could you want?
I've stayed at several different hotels in Chicago but The James is the best. Everything I need is in walking distance and I find it very convenient to stay there. The staff at the concierge desk is so polite and offers assistance willingly. The room has always been very clean. The bed linens are better that the nice sheets I have on my own bed. Thankfully I don't have to search around for somewhere to stay when I travel there as I've found my favorite.
This is one of the best hotels I have ever been in. I went there to see about scheduling my reception party, and was amazed at the architecture of the building, the interior design of the rooms, and the massive spacing provided for each room. Now I recommend this hotel to my associates to hold their important business meetings in the James Club, so that after the meetings, we can partake in a nice meal and drinks. Which brings me to my next point. The James has some of the BEST food I have ever eaten!!! The James Private Club, I feel was made for the elite and upper class. Very classy, very elegant. The customer service is outstanding. I recommend this hotel to anyone needing to hold a reception, business meeting, or just need to have a day at the spa. 5 stars all the way!!! 
I stayed in on of The James one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in Chicago visiting my daughter. The pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities I forgot to pack and left them in my room for me. Later in the week I treated myself to an Asha Massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services. Afterward I smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed I'd been in years. My room was clean and modern, yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding. I'll certainly be staying with them again in the future. 
We decided to stay at The James last weekend with our kids. We reserved the "Family Adventurer with Paul Frank". It's a special offer by the hotel to entice visitors to see the local museums and aquarium. We ended up receiving 2 Chicago City Passes, which ultimately paid for themselves and 4 tickets for the Chicago Children's Museum. My kids had a ball. We ended the day with a milk and cookies turn down service and a special pair of pajamas that my daughter adored. All in all, a great weekend where my kids were the focus. The adults certainly weren't forgotten since we had a great breakfast in the room the next morning. 
My stay at the James Hotel in Chicago was fantastic! The hotel was clean, modern and everything I had hoped for. The staff was fabulous and went above and beyond all of our expectations. All of our needs were more than met and I will be recommending this hotel to all of our friends and associates.
Do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business? Then the James Hotel in Chicago is the place for you. Superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight. Followed by spacious rooms, luxurious linens, and all-natural Kiehl's body shampoos and lotions. I absolutely loved my stay at the James Hotel in downtown Chicago. The bathrooms have raised sinks, and all of the luxurious amenities you would want. I absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch. I felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere. I definitely would stay again, and plan to stay at the James in New York as well 
This was really an unexpected experience for me as far as hotel accommodations go. For this week's vacation in Chicago, I heard several recommendations regarding lodging, but the James Chicago was mentioned most emphatically. I expected an experience of comfort, luxury and customer satisfaction, but I was pleasantly surprised by the level of innovation and forward-thinking employed by every aspect of this hotel. The design is breathtaking -- modern, clean, stylish, sexy -- and its reflected everywhere from the lobby, shops and restaurants, to the stunning guest rooms themselves. My family and I felt energized by the smartly sleek environment we were in, and were impressed at every turn by the sophisticated take on hotel decor. Far from a traditional hotel experience, this was like moving into chic, exclusive downtown apartment, and truly an upscale adventure in modern luxury living. Impressive, too, was the hotel's overall approach to its guests and its use of the world's resources. From its offer of in-room recycling to the available bicycles for guest usage, the James offers a unique perspective on its place in the world, and gently helps its guests assist in maintaining that balance with ease and elegance. It's a respect that shows through, too, in other areas: support for artistic organizations, charities and other programs of merit, as well as Chicago-centric packages compiled for guests so they can make the best of their stay, whether for a weekend, a week, or longer. The James Chicago will definitely be our choice for accommodations whenever we revisit Chicago. In fact, we may visit again solely to stay at the James! 
Just what I needed at James: I can't tell you how impressed I was with my stay at the James Chicago Hotel. I came into town for a week long business conference and was referred to the James by a friend. The crisp, clean, contemporary ambiance made me feel like I was on a relaxed vacation rather than work. It was luxury without being over the top. My room was clean, comfortable and was above all standards comfortable. In my down time I enjoyed a relaxing massage at the spa and happy hour at the "JBar", and I highly recommend dinner at the "David Burke Primehouse" The customer service from all the staff members, from front desk, to house keeping to the bartender was excellent. I plan on returning on my spring vist and look forward to another phenomenal experience. 
I had a wonderful time at the James Hotel while on business in Chicago. The rooms are modern, tasteful and well-kept, while the staff was responsive and efficient. This was the perfect place to unwind after working all day, but also provided an ideal atmosphere to do some more work. 
Recently my husband and I stayed at The James in Chicago for our "night on the town". After taking in a musical, we checked in at The James and were happily surprised with the customer appreciation and delicious room service. The rooms were spotless and we were supplied with fresh towels for everything from showers to the spa to visiting the gym. If I had known that they accepted pets beforehand, it would've been a great environment for our family lapdog. Staying at The James in Chicago made our night a luxurious outing and will be a definite stop next time we are in Chicago.
I am often traveling on business and I always try to stay at the James. The modern design of the lobby and restaurant with wood and glass creates a luxurious atmosphere and the streamlined, comfortable room design give an upscale aesthetic like that of a penthouse loft apartment. The availability of computers and coffee in the James' business centers means I do not have to lug my laptop around the hotel. The James provides the perfect setting for business travelers and is a cozy place to retire to in the evenings. The ease of breakfast service in the rooms means that I do not have to stress or rush, as my time is valuable. I love the James.
The James Chicago Hotel is located right in the heart of the one and only, downtown Chicago. This wonderful hotel has many classy and down to earth boutique's, and the views are breath-taking. The hotel just has a warm feeling to it, and the hotel staff is more than excellent. This hotel is situated right across from the Magnificent Mile, and only minutes away from the world famous shopping, dining, and fun for all ages. The James is modern and luxurious. The James is definately a hotel that I would recommend and will go back to in years to come. 
Our stay at the James in late last August exceeded our expectations. My husband was in Chicago for a business trip, and I tagged along to have some time away from our day to day life. When we entered the hotel we were greeted acknowledged the minute we walked through the doors, and the staff member at the front desk was extremely friendly. He met our needs in a timely manner and patiently answered our questions. The lobby was clean and the ambiance was impressive. Our room was also very clean. I could not have found a better room for those two nights of peace and quiet. The bed was comfortable, and the bedding was the type you could slip into and drift off in. It has been awhile since I have stayed at a hotel where the comforter was not scratchy or too thin. My husband actually commented that he had not seen me sleep that soundly in over a month. The bathroom was also impressive. The water pressure was not something I had to mess with to get perfect, and the heater took no time at all to warm up. Even though I had brought my own shampoo and conditioner, I did give the amenities in the bathroom a try, and like everything else they exceeded my expectations. I did not get a chance to check out the conference rooms, however, my husband had nothing but great things to say about the qualities of the facilities. I truly enjoyed the location and ambiance of this hotel, and if we are ever in the Chicago area again we will definitely be staying here. This hotel met all of our needs from relaxation to business to pleasure. 
This hotel is great! I love its interior design of the room. Customer service is excellent! And its gym and spa are gorgeous. If you need to go to Chicago, this hotel would be your best choice! You can also check its website for the special offer, I found a great deal on it! 
the James Hotel in Chicago is by far one of the best hotels that My family and I have ever had the pleasure of staying at. The room service is the best in the area, not to mention the spa in the hotel is to die for. The lobby and the reception area is very contemporary. This is a great place to take the family to relax. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. 5 stars! 
This is a beautiful hotel inside and outside. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The hotel made my experience of visiting this city even more wonderful, I highly recommend this to anyone. 
My husband and I stayed at the James Chicago Hotel for our anniversary. This place is fantastic! We knew as soon as we arrived we made the right choice! The rooms are BEAUTIFUL and the staff very attentive and wonderful!! The area of the hotel is great, since I love to shop I couldn't ask for more!! We will definatly be back to Chicago and we will for sure be back to the James Chicago. Betsy M, Louisville, KY 
We enjoyed our stay at the James in Chicago very much. The hotel is elegant and uber-modern! Each room simply exudes class. I have never stayed in a nicer hotel, to be honest. The hotel features an upscale restaurant, though it is within walking distance of many great dining establishments. There is also a full-service spa at the hotel. The most surprising thing about the James is that pets are allowed; our dog didn't have to stay at home. How cool is that? There are also lots of up-scale amenities like valet parking, 24-hour room service, 24-hour concierge, shoe shine service, and laundry/dry cleaning. The hotel is located right on the Magnificent Mile, so that location is absolutely superb. You are literally steps away from some of the best dining and shopping in the world. I would recommend the James to anyone on business or looking to stay in upscale luxury on a jaunt to Chicago. 
Great hotel! Went to see the Museum of Contemporary Art which was great, but this hotel almost had it beat! The rooms (and even halls) are very beautifully done. Great service too. A+
Hotel Monaco is a luxurious hotel situated in the heart of Chicago. It is blooming with historical elegance combined with modern day amenities. I had the pleasant experience of staying at this facility. Perfectly set up to handle any business traveler, sight seer, convention, wedding or shopper. They offer top notch service from reservations to wedding planning or even asking for a good local restaurant. I noticed that world travelers are welcome here with some of the employees ability to speak foreign languages. Guest rooms offer stylish charm and can relax even the unrelaxable. In room spa's and top notch room service is second to none. The South Water Kitchen is a true downtown Chicago restaurant offering mid-west American dishes and several signature cocktails. I know that anytime I visit Chicago, Hotel Monaco is my place to be. 
I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco and I must say, it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city. In the past, I've always stayed at the Marriott or the Hilton so this time I thought I'd go with a boutique hotel. I've stayed at some of the Kimpton properties in San Francisco so I was delighted that they are running the Monaco. Basically, I like the friendly, real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places I've used before. I do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill I normally use. South Water Kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants. I really dug the complimentary coffee, high speed internet and newspaper. I get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the Monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service. All in all, I will return to the Monaco. It's a great alternative.
Hotel Monaco is simply amazing. I travel quite a bit, and am use to generic hotels, with horribly unimpressive rooms, and "5 star amenities" which usually mean a packet of instant coffee, and room service that won't serve after 9pm. Hotel Monaco on the other hand was very impressive. The suite i stayed in was stylish and cozy. This hotel has such personality. My absolute favorite part of my stay, aside from the amazing meal i had down stairs, was the in-room spa treatment. Hotel Monaco just raised the bar on hotels for me. Generic just won't do anymore.
You made Chicago a wonderful stay! The room was gorgeous! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed, I didn't even have to ask! Thank you so much, I will be back! Very tidy room as well!
I stayed at the monaco for the Labor day weekend when I visited my family in Chicago. It is one of the nicest hotels i have stayed at in my life. clean, comfortable and pretty. The rooms were clean and the staff is very caring. I needed some more glasses as my family was sharing drink. The front desk had them sent up in less than 10 minutes. I will recommend Monaco to anyone who will be staying in the Chicago area. 
I have heard friends talking about the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and did have my doubts at first. However when I arrived there was amazed at the location! It is near so many shopping places, museums, theatre, and many others places. Was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long, however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire 6 day stay. Fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day! The staff at the place is amazing I even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people. One day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best I have ever had at a hotel. All and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room, good service, and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby, will be heading back to this hotel many times.
The Hotel Monaco Chicago was a great hotel. The rooms were very nice, great customer service. Every member of the staff was extremely nice. I liked that it was pet friendly, and you couldn't even tell they allowed pets. Very clean. Prompt service when requested, and the food was very tasty! An A+ in my book, the prices were very reasonable as well since it is a four star hotel. Very immaculate. Will definitely stay there again the next time I visit Chicago.
This is a beautiful hotel with a great view of the Chicago River and a short walk to all the best places to visit in the city! I had an unbelievably pleasant and relaxing stay with an in-room massage and fantastic room service. If you're looking for a vacation in Chicago and want to experience the best the city has to offer as well as live in luxury and comfort, I highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely come again!
This was a great hotel, one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time. My wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we couldn't believe the KimptonKids program at the site. We will be back next time we stop in town. We cannot think of a better place to stay. 
Fantastic stay! The hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. I chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was VERY close to my business conference. Here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown Chicago charm. Be sure to try the ribs at South Water Kitchen next door. They are the best I've ever had. EVER! If youre in the mood to unwind, you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around. I had a great time here. From now on, I won't stay anyplace else. 
Upon entering the Hotel Monaco CHicago, i could see the beauty of a classically elegant building. The old fashioned furnishings, the wonderful view, and the polished wood decorating the entore hotel. At first i had been skeptical, but any doubts i had carried into the hotel were gone. As i entered my room, the fresh flowers and the amazing Chicago view greeted me. During my stay i enjoyed my free time lounging by the pool, winding down every night with a comforting massage. I would recommend this hotel not only for the pure elegance, but for the wonderful customer service and the fantastic amenities. 
This will be the only hotel I will never forget in my life. Hotel Monaco Chicago has the best staff and also the rooms are also nice. Whether if it's a King Delux Room or a Tranquility Suite, all of the rooms are luxorious and are themed based, so it suits ones personality. Even if you are a super sized person, like me with a height of 6"4', there are special "Tall Rooms" just for you. My days went very fast when I stayed there becuase there was so much to do there. In the mornings I would do yoga from the Yoga Channel. Then I would go downstairs and drink one of their complimentary coffees while reading the morning newspaper. Before I go to a meeting, I would get my shoes shined by their complimentary shoeshine service. After I come back from the meeting, I would go to their fitness rooms and workout on their fully-equipped machines. I just didn't want to leave that hotel; so I decided that the next time I come to Chicago, I will surely stay at Hotel Monaco Chicago.
Our experience at Hotel Monaco was wonderful. My fiancee and I stayed two nights in the Tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite! We had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room. (Except to go to the gym :) I was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room! I was surprised by that. This hotel was the definition of 'luxury', they had anything we needed and more. My fiancee said we were staying at a really 'nice' hotel but I had no idea until we walked in the door. As soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor. I have to admit, cheesy as it may sound, I felt like a queen all weekend long :) Most of the time I have at least one problem with the hotel I stayed at, but I have to say at this point I have no complaints at all about Hotel Monaco and I will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to Chicago.
My stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago was amazing. The staff are polite and well poised, eager to give a helping hand in a short notice. To someone like me, who had never even been in the city of Chicago, it really gave me a good feeling throughout my whole trip. The rooms, hallways and facilities were exceptionally clean and tidy, and whenver I went out, I would always find my room perfect ; be it for a night of undwinding after one of my conferences, or just to hit the mattress and sleep. During my stay, I stopped at their restuarant where I had one of the best American style meal in a while. Overall, the Hotel Monaco is a place I would surely stay at again if given the chance to visit Chicago for a second time. It is truely exceptional.
I went to Chicago and We made a reservation to Hotel Monaco Chicago which is a Kimpton Hotel, and I decided to stay in a tranquility suite. Which was amazing I went with my family and all of us had a comfortable space. Room Service Was great served quickly and the cleaners clean quick. Another thing was that it was pet friendly which I thought was cool meaning you could bring your dogs. The hotel was amazing and beutiful.
I frequently have business meetings in Downtown Chicago and find that the Hotel Monaco Chicago, gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable. While it might be more expensive than your average hotel....but there is nothing average in this hotel. Exceeds any expectations - service, food, quality, atmosphere were heads above anywhere. Thanks for making my trips to Chicago - the best of the best.
Beautiful hotel in chicago. I visited this hotel on my honeymoon with my wife. They are pet friendly and even provide in room spa services. I would recommend hotel monaco if you are looking to stay in a luxury hotel in chicago.
As I walked into the hotel I was greeted warm heartedly. They took my information from me in an efficient manner and got me to my room quickly. I was very pleased to see that my bed was laid out perfectly and that there was plenty of towels in the bathroom. Also, I was happy to see that the shampoo and soap provided was sufficient. Overall, I was very happy with my stay at this hotel. 
My stay at the Hotel Monaco recently was fantastic. We got a very reasonable price for our stay (especially since we were a AAA member), and there was plenty of perks to utilize; in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few. Another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that, upon request, the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room. How cool is that! The staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable. I would definitely recommend the Hotel Monaco to anyone in the downtown Chicago area. 
I just got back from the Monaco in Chicago! I was very pleasantly surprised, as my husband booked this trip as a last minute getaway, and he usually picks bad places-haha. Anyway, the moment we got there the doormen greeted us warmly and helped get our luggage situatated. It was busy and the line was a little long, but it moved quickly. The lady at the front desk gave us a high floor when we requested one which was very good, especially since it seemed to be near full. The room was clean and spacious (especially considering it's a city hotel). We made a lot of use of the concierge, since again, it was so last minute we didn't really make any plans. He gave us some tips and also gave us a few places we should go for Chicago pizza yummy! It was also great being near the theater district, and basically in the thick of everything so we saved on cab fare. I thought the coolest thing was they brought you a goldfish in a bowl for your room! very trendy. My husband is not as easily impressed, but he was really excited about the free wine hour and the free drinks in the afternoon. Overall, really nice stay in a four star, or probably four and half star hotel!
On our first trip to Chicago, my fiance and I stayed 2 nights on our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised by the Hotel and the service we received from the personnel. In the past from other "luxury hotels" we have paid much more and received much less. Here the room were very spacious, comfortable and sleek. We spent come time in the hotel bar, LE BAR, and enjoyed a few of their specialty martinis that were second to none! We also enjoyed dinner at the hotel's Cafe des Architectes and received service some of the best service in quite some time. If traveling with a lover we recommend the "Air of Romance" package. It was the best! 6 stars!
This is an absolutely exquisite hotel, at a great location, and boasting superb amenities. I was here on a personal trip and really enjoyed being so close to the shopping on Michigan Ave. The hotel itself has a pleasant ambiance and the staff made me feel welcome and quickly responded to my requests for various items from the front desk. I appreciated the homey, well-designed interior and views of the city. It was also nice to have good food at my disposal late night so I didn't have to wander the city for my late night meal. This will definitely be my hotel of choice when I return to the city. 
This hotel was gorgeous! I really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future. The staff was friendly, the room was clean, comfortable and very well decorated. The restaurant/ room service was also exceptional. The food was delicious and the room service was prompt. This hotel is also in a great location. It is close to everything anyone may need, such as shopping, food and attractions.
I traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away. Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious! Our room had anything you could ever want, a mini bar, air conditioning. We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants. The staff was friendly, and the beds were like clouds. Overall,the experience was worth every penny. 
I stayed in the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel with my husband and two kids last weekend, and will definitely use this hotel again for future travels. The spacious rooms with modern, innovative furniture and comfortable beds was a great contrast to the small, dismal rooms and rock-hard beds that I have found at other hotel chains. The bathrooms were neat, tidy, and well-stocked with towels and personal needs such as toilet paper, shampoo, and soap. The carpet was clean (not stained and dingy like some hotels), the room decor was astounding, and the view from our window was wonderful. I enjoyed every aspect of this hotel stay, from the courteous staff at check-in to the ease of requesting room service and checking out. Thanks for making me feel right at home!
I recently traveled up to Chicago for business and had a terrific 3 day 2 night stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in downtown. The location was perfect as it gave me easy access to Michigan Avenue and the conference center where I was doing business. My hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere. I ordered room service for dinner and it came within 30 minutes so I was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs. The food was extremely good and I really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat. I had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress. I woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel. They had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well. After shower I headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests. The breakfast was delicious and started my day out right. After my business stuff was over I really got out and enjoyed Chicago. I met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well. When I go back to Chicago I will definitely stay at the Sofitel again.
My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for our wedding anniversary - and what a pleasant stay we had! From the first moment we walked in, we were overwhelmed at the classy elegance of the lobby. I casually mentioned that it was our anniversary, and after we came back from dinner, we found champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room. The staff was professional but friendly, and made us feel so welcome. The room was immaculate, the furnishings were so plush - we didn't really want to go home! Room service was prompt, and the views were spectacular! We are definitely going to make this visit a yearly repeat. 
I think the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a upscale place.I had my wedding there and it was the best of the best.The staff was so helpful and made me feel confident that my wedding would be a success. The chef prepared a lavish sit down dinner with appetizers and desserts.They also had a wonderful pastry chef who baked my wedding cake.The tables were decorated in very good taste and could not be more perfect.The bar was also set up the way I wanted it and even had a champagne fountain. My guests had a wonderful experience with their stay at the hotel and felt pampered.The rooms were like suites with a mini bar.They had terry cloth bathrobes in each bathroom. If you are looking to have a wedding in the Chicago area look into having it here you will not be disappointed!
MY WIFE AND I STAYED HERE LAST WEEKEND. IT WAS OUR HONEYMOON AND IT WAS WONDERFUL. THIS HOTEL WAS SO BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT. WE WERE MORE THAN PLEASED WITH OUR ROOM AND THE RESTURANT WAS AMAZING. ALL OF THE STAFF HERE WERE VERY NICE AND POLITE. THEY HELPED US WITH ANY OF OUR NEEDS. I WISH I COULD LIVE IN THIS PLACE. ALL TOGETHER IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST WEEKENDS OF OUR LIVES. WE PLAN ON COMING BACK AGAIN. GREAT HOTEL!
Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a four star hotel that is minutes aways from the Magnificent mile, Navy Peir, The museum of contemperary art, lake michigan and upscale boutiques. This hotel is great for tourest. it has 450 great rooms and 33 high end sweets. It has a modern diesighn and rich arcitechusall legacy. IT has great food and out door dinning it also has a great veiws, while drinking wine and champane cotails in there amazing bar. Overall this hotel is by far the best hotel ive stayed in.
My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids. Upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor, the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff. As a seasoned traveler for business I consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations. This hotel certainly delivers on both accounts. My wife and I had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant, but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try. WOW! Service was outstanding and the food was amazing. We truly enjoyed our dining experience. All in all I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone I meet. 
This hotel is beautiful, it is very modern and has a very luxuary feel to it. The location is wonderful,it is close to magnificent mile and the Navy pier, which was a great place to show the children on our vacation. We had the option of private parking which made a feel secure with our car,and the valet was very nice and helpful. I also take my work with me everywhere I go,So the wi-fi at the hotel was a-plus. They have a wide selection of packages that can include anything from the couple that wants to get away or a family outing. This place is great for the price, due to the looks of the hotel you will be surprised at how affordable it is. This is very nice place and it gives you a feeling of being the queen or king for the duration of your stay. 
The Sofitel Water Tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our 20th anniversary weekend trip to Chicago. We got married in the city but then moved away, and it was so romantic to return. We loved how near the Sofitel was to everything - the Magnificent Mile was just outside our door, and we could walk to Navy Pier and other attractions as well. Chicago has changed, but the Sofitel made it feel like home again... except a very plush and elegant version of home! We stayed in a Junior Suite, which had great views of the city, and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived. Both nights before leaving for supper, we had a cocktail in Le Bar and enjoyed talking about what we'd done during the day, and all the great memories this town has for us. But I have to say we have some new great memories now, thanks to the Sofitel Water Tower!
I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel and I could not be more pleased. The hotel is sleek from the elegant lobby to the modern, stylish rooms. The rooms are something truly special with huge, soft beds with the most luxurious sheets you have ever seen and felt. The bathrooms are beautiful with cool marble tiles and a gorgeous glass and marble shower/tub. If that wasn't enough each room has a crisp 32" LCD TV that displays TV in the most beautiful and clear way with an absolutely amazing sound system. When you finally make it out of your room, down the grand stair case you need not look further for dinner than the hotel restaurant. It is called Cafe des Architectes and like the hotel itself melds a modern sophistication with classic French techniques. Their wine list is amazing but their prices are fantastic for a hotel near the Magnificent mile. A full dinner including appetizer, main course, and dessert can be had for $45, amazing. If you are looking for a modern, urban, chic hotel in Chicago then look no further, the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel is your only real choice.
 If you are traveling anywhere near Lake Michigan within the next year or less, I would highly recommend staying at The Sofitel Hotel. Unbeatable elegance, fine dining, and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of. Along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest. If there were such a thing as a 10 star rating, The Sofitel would surely have it. My visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort. Located minutes from everything in downtown Chicago, one would hardly want to leave. Fine dining, dancing, and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting, or social event in town. The Sofitel Hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave.
I would like to add a comment, maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination. My daughter was married in May of 2010 and we decided to have the special event at the Sofitel Water Tower; we were amazed. She always wanted a ballroom type of wedding, and Sofitel made this happen for her. They took care of all the invitations, cake decor, and so much more. The special day for my daughter was worth everything. If you are going to be in the Chicago area, check them out; you will not regret it!
Best hotel in an excellent location I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower with my husband and kid as he came there for a Business purpose. My 1 year old kid was jumping on the bed and he really enjoyed the atmosphere of the room. The front desk people were too welcoming and the staffs were very friendly . The room service was also good. The room was very clean and the bathrooms are so good . I like the decor of the room. The French restaurant in Sofitel is so good and we both enjoyed the dining . I will surely prefer to stay in Sofitel on a next time travel to Chicago.
Couldn't have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown Chicago. Hotel Sofitel is right in the heart of the action, allowing my friends and I to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown's famous for. The room was comfy, with two queen mattresses, down stuffed duvets and chic decor. The bar downstairs was a bit pricey, but made up for it by being comfortable, sleek, and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails. One night we didn't feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the Cafe des Architectes, which had an amazing array of choices, mostly of the French persuasion. I would definitely book here again! 
I was very satisfied after staying at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. The service was excellent, as the staff was very helpful and polite. The beds were very comfortable, and the rooms were very spacious. I will definitely be returning to this hotel.
My stay at the Sofitel was great. I loved the location it was in. From the moment I arrived the experince was great, the attendants were helpful and the front desk was too. I thought the room was elegant and very clean as well as comfortable. The room service was excllent and they were very friendly. Checkout was a breeze and I couldnt ask for anything more in a hotel stay. 
