We stayed at the Schicago Hilton for 4 days and 3 nights for a conference. I have to say, normally I am very easy going about amenities, cleanliness, and the like...however our experience at the Hilton was so awful I am taking the time to actually write this review. Truly, DO NOT stay at this hotel. When we arrived in our room, it was clear that the carpet hadn't been vacuumed. I figuered, "okay, it's just the carpet." Until I saw the bathroom! Although the bathroom had all the superficial indicators of housekeeping having recently cleaned (i.e., a paper band across the toilet, paper caps on the drinking glasses, etc., it was clear that no ACTUAL cleaning took place. There was a spot (probably urine!) on the toilet seat and, I kid you not, the remnants of a lip-smudge on the glass. I know people who have worked many years in the hotel industry and they always warned that lazy housekeeping will make things "appear" clean but in fact they make no effort to keep things sanitary. Well, the Hilton was proof. I called downstairs and complained, and they sent up a chambermaid hours later. Frankly, I found the room disgusting. The hotel itself, outside the rooms, was cavernous and unwelcoming, with an awful echo in the lobby area that created a migraine-inducing din. Rarely have I been so eager to leave a place as this. When I got home, I washed all my clothes whether I had worn them or not, such was the skeeviness of our accomodations. Please, do yourself a favor and stay at a CLEAN hotel.
Hotel is located 1/2 mile from the train station which is quite hike when you're traveling with luggage and/or kids. They seem to cash in on guests who arrive in private car by charging exorbitant parking/valet fees. Rooms feature either double or king sized beds; no queen beds at all. If you want a little extra leg room in your bed, the price jump from double- to king-sized is stiff. Rooms with any kind of view pay a healthy surcharge, too.
I made my reservation at the Hilton Chicago believing I was going to be staying in a classy hotel with many amenities. Unfortunately, my stay at the Hilton Chicago went downhill from the moment I checked in. There was only one clerk at the front desk, and several guests already waiting ahead of me. Once I finally got checked in and located my room, I discovered that neither of my room keys worked and had to make my way back to the front desk. Finally I made it into my room. It appeared nice enough until I went to use the bathroom and found the toilet clogged. The manager moved me into a new room, so I can't complain too much, but still it was a hassle. Finally settled, I was able to relax for the rest of my evening and was looking forward to sleeping in the next morning. That is -- until the front desk called me at 5 am with a wake up call I had not requested! Needless to say, my overall experience with this hotel left much to be desired and I will choose other accommodations for my next trip to Chicago.
When most people think Hilton, they think luxury. I know I did. I only wish I'd been half right. Upon arriving, I was informed that the incompetent staff had lost my reservation entirely. Not a very auspicious start, but they did find me another room. Granted, the new room had an oh-so-scenic view of the broadside of an adjacent building. But, fine. I was willing to let this slide. I didn't want to be difficult. In the following days of my stay, it got a little harder to ignore all the minor problems that were making the Hilton very undeserving of the term, luxury hotel. Noisy neighbors. Rude staff. If the state of my bathroom towels was anything to go by upon checkout, I doubt my sheets were changed even once. Next time I'll ignore the hype and stay somewhere cheaper. The service couldn't possibly be worse.
My husband and I recently stayed stayed at the Hilton Chicago and it was a horrible experience. When we arrived, the front desk clerk was on the phone on what sounded like a personal call and didn't even acknowledge us for at least five minutes. When we got to our room I went to lay on the bed and noticed a black hair on the pillow. I'm am very paranoid about hotels being dirty, so I pulled back the sheets and moved all the pillows around and noticed several more hairs. I called for some new sheets which they said they would send right up but it actually took nearly 30 minutes. The second night we were there we decided to try the Irish pub in the hotel called Kitty O'Sheas because my husband loves pub food. We had the shepherd's pie which was awful. It was watery and had no flavor and it was not cheap! Our server seemed annoyed when we complained and did not offer it to be taken off the check. While we had a great trip to Chicago, the Hilton was definitely NOT a highlight of our trip. Overall, we had rude service, a dirty room and bad food. Spend your money elsewhere
My wife and I booked a room at the Hilton Chicago three weekends ago, as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel. We were expecting some minutia of luxury. However, this was not the case with the Hilton Chicago. First, we had reserved a room with a king size bed, but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed. Now, we did get a reduced price because of this, but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked. Second, we had to change our room key twice. The room keys they used supposedly lost their "charge". This is what the front desk told us. So, we had to go up to our room, find out the key didn't work, then come back down stairs get a new key, then get back in. This was highly unprofessional, and they really need to look into their key system. Lastly, we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room. We knew this was accurate, but I always check just in case. But two weeks later when I checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card. I had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card. Suffice it to say we will not be staying there again.
For a hotel rated with four diamonds by AAA, one would think the Hilton Chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty. The only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare. I should have known from the moment I walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth. First off, as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who couldn't be any older than nineteen or twenty, red flags started going up. The clerk was extremely rude and lazy, acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone. If that wasn't bad enough, the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife's breasts. She wasn't even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat. After diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys. It shouldn't have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break. Okay, that was annoying, but we managed easy enough. We finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip. To our surprise, not to mention our disgust and horror, their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out. It took almost a half hour between the couple in the room, the front desk, and my wife and me to get it straightened out. Apparently the night clerk didn't bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk. After what could only be described as chaos, we were finally given another room on the next floor up. We were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while I dropped our luggage by the beds. Hearing a clinking sound I bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed. I was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when I heard my wife cry out. There on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and I noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there. There, in the sink and in very plain sight, was a used condom! So far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back. By then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room, free of charge to make up for our troubles. The room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around. Despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had, we decided to make due. So while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip I pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access. I shouldn't have even bothered as I've used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds I was getting. With a quick call to the desk I was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment. So instead of worrying about it, we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area. Yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife's chest or forgot half of our order. After arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything, we found that our found was not only bland, it was cold! We didn't even bother trying anything else, that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel. I don't know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who couldn't clean a room, but I know that that hotel didn't deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative. That place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel.
I had high hopes for the Hilton Chicago, but I am sad to say that I am disapointed. Not only is it outrageously expensive (over $200 for two people for one night), but they expect you to pay over $40 to park your car! They do not offer free Wi-Fi, but instead I had to pay $20 to get on the internet in my room. I had to wait until 3 pm to check in (even though my flight was in the morning) and I had to rent a car at the airport because the hotel did not offer transportation too and from. After all of this stress, the Hilton Chicago didn't have an in hotel bar either. I doubt I will stay here again!
We booked a room at the Hilton Chicago for two nights to stay the weekend, but upon arrival our reservation could not be found. I even provided the hotel with our confirmation number, but it still wasn't available! Fortunately, another reservation had not shown up so there was space available for us. Once we settled into our room for the night (after a long flight), there was a bad odor coming from the bathroom. Apparently the cleaning solution they used was tainted and they had to re-clean it after our arrival. Needless to say, with both of these poor experiences in just one night, I will be hesitant to EVER stay in this hotel again, let alone any other Hilton around. Please consider someplace else before the Hilton Chicago!
I've stayed at other hotels in Chicago, but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience. First off the staff was incredibly rude. I could have lived with that being that it was busy, but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out. The room was also horrid. It smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that I was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair. There was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain. Mark my words: Never again will I stay at this dump!
During my stay at the Hilton Chicago it has been quite unpleasant. How so you might ask? Well ill tell you, the towels where scratchy and the service was terrible and by terrible I mean they weren't even at the desk when I checked in. Also, When I ordered my breakfast, lunch, and dinner from room service I received the wrong order for all meals and felt a little sick after lunch. Finally, The bill was charging me for stuff I didn't want or ask for. But overall the hotel was very bad and unpleasant for me and others. I give it a half a star.
I stayed two nights at the Hilton Chicago. That was the last time I will be staying there. When I arrived, I could not believe that the hotel did not offer free parking. They wanted at least $10. What am I paying for when I stay there for the night? The website also touted the clean linens. The room was clean and I believe the linens were clean. The problem was with all of the down pillows etc. Don't they know that people have allergies? I also later found out that this hotel allows pets. I think that this was another part of my symptoms. If you like a clean hotel without having allergy attacks I suggest you opt for somewhere else to stay. I did not like how they nickel and dimed me in the end for parking. Beware hidden costs. I will try somewhere else in the future. Not worth the money or the sneezing all night.
The Hilton Chicago, located on prime real estate in downtown Chicago, has not aged as gracefully as other hotels around the country opened during the same period of time. The hotel does maintain the appearance of luxury that has made it iconic, but that luxury is not in accord with 21st century standards. Lacking any form of fitness center, the Hilton is almost alone among the major hotels of Chicago in forcing its patrons to go elsewhere for a quick workout. Even nominal fees for wireless internet use in hotel rooms is very rare at this point, and the outrageous parking fee of $43 for guests will discourage out of towners from making the Hilton their destination. Most guest rooms are no different than any other Hilton anywhere, meaning that unless you are staying in the admittedly fantastic Executive suites, you will be paying a premium for a prosaic hotel experience.
I stayed at the Hilton Chicago back in July. For a "luxury" hotel this place did not meet my expectations. For starters, we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn't be ready for at least another hour! I'm used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee. Since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel's restaurants, Kitty O'Sheas. Well, we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks. Once we finally got to our room it was OK, although not great for the price. We had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view, and there were not extra towels as I had requested. We had to call room service twice to receive them, then another two times because our air conditioner wasn't working. Fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so I could barely use internet on my phone. Next time I'm in the Chicago area I won't be staying at the Hilton. I'd only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money.
The Hilton Chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel. There are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from King with two bathrooms, Lakeside view or suites. It only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill. You will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return! The staff is nice but when I stay at a hotel I do not go out of my way to seek out the staff. The casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap. Next time I stay in Chicago I will be looking elsewhere.
My husband and me reserved a room online for the Chicago Hilton. We were looking for a quit few days away from home and work. Unfortunately what we found was not what we were looking for. First of all the room was smaller than what it appears to be online in the photos. The floors looked like they haven't been cleaned in a while in the check in area. The room we stayed in had very thin walls and we could hear the conversation of the other guest on each side. The staff was horrible. We had asked for a turn down service it was never received. I would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone. Chicago is a great place to visit as long as you do not stay at the Hilton.
I stayed at the Hilton Chicago during a recent business trip. I elected to go with their Executive Suite upgrade. All I can say is, "What upgrade?" It's barely anything above what you get normally. And for the price I paid, I was expecting much better acommodations. Because I arrived around 10:30 the night I checked in (delayed flight) I did not get the concierge service as it stops at 10. I find that an odd hour to stop a service like that especially when you're expecting a guest who has not checked in yet. Beyond that, it took them 20 minutes to get me into my room. First it was a room mix-up, then it was a missing key card. That was extremely frustrating as I was tired and I had a presentation to give the next morning. Speaking of the next morning, the complimentary breakfast was a joke. When I just want a stale muffin and a bad cup of coffee for breakfast, I'll stay at the next Super 8 I find. And the wireless internet in the room that you actually have to pay for on top of everything else was a horrible connection with angonizingly slow speed. I will not be staying at the Hilton Chicago every again even though I frequent Chicago. This tops out my list of horrible hotel experiences by a long shot.
I really wish I could say that I liked this hotel, but the whole experience was just plain awful. My first warning sign should have been when I made my reservation. The person I spoke with when placing my reservation had absolutely no idea what he was doing. At first he tried to book me into the wrong hotel, and then when we finally got it sorted which hotel I was actually wanting, he booked me for the wrong dates. He read me the right dates, and it was only when I called back two days later to confirm that I found out he'd given me the wrong dates. Hilton did get it fixed, but I already had a bad feeling about my stay. Then came actually staying at the hotel. The people at the check-in desk were downright rude. Then there was the room. I was supposed to be in a non-smoking room, but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. The hotel staff refused to believe me, but did let me change rooms to one that didn't smell of cigarettes. However, I might as well have stayed in the first room. I was short towels, and it took four calls(over a period of 12 hours) to the front desk to get some. The sheets had not been changed, made obvious by the crumbs and fresh stains that littered them. Yes, I was able to get fresh sheets, but like the towels, it took several hours for them to be delivered. Since this is a pet friendly hotel, lucky me I got stuck in the room next to the room filled with yappy little dogs. The walls were so paper thin, all I could hear all night was barking. When I complained about it, the staff refused to believe me, and said that the walls of the room are so thick I shouldn't be able to hear anything from next door. Yeah right. I was excited to use the pool, but just like my room, it hadn't been cleaned recently. Then, I tried the fitness center. Half the equipment was broken. I tried to cut my stay short, but of course this hotel wouldn't work with me at all. They even refused to comp my stay for all the grossness I had to deal with. I will never stay with Hilton again, and I will be sure to let everyone know what a nightmare this stay was.
My family stayed at this hotel and walking into the Lobby I expected a very good experience. Once I made my way to the counter and was Greeted (Not Really) I knew this may be a bad experience. The Customer Service Person was rude and did not wait on me for a few minutes. Once I got up to the room it looked like someone had just checked out. The High Chair that we requested still had spots of food on it. The Rest Room had water on the counter and very little toilet paper. After we got settled we went down to the dining room for supper and was disappointed in the service and the food quality for the price we paid. Luckily we only had to stay there one day. One day was almost too long.
I was very disappointed with this hotel. The front desk clerk was rude; she was on a personal call and took 10 mins. to get off the phone. When I arrived in the room the bed wasn't made from the last guest and all the towels were dirty. I called down to the front desk and she made me come back down from the twelveth floor for a new room assignment(on the twelveth floor). Once downstairs the clerk treated me as though I had done something wrong. When I arrived in the new room I found the bathroom less than clean... There was hair all over the floor, toilet and shower. The shower curtain was mildewed and dried toothpaste spit on the mirror. My allergies started to bother me, immediately upon entering the room, so I checked the filter in the air conditioner. Which looked like it had never been cleaned.The comforter was stained and the carpet looked like it never saw a vacuum. While waiting on acceptable room I went to dinner. Which proved to be as bad as the rooms. The lettuce in my salad was brown and slimmy. The steak was rare and I asked for medium. Not to mention, it tasted like rotten meat.The veggies looked like they had been cooked a week earlier and the potato was shriveled and dry. To top the whole experience off... When I went to turn on the lamp in my final room it electrocuted and the ambulance had to come get me for a 2 day hospital stay.
When I went to The James hotel in Chicago I truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising. Gorgeous chairs, staff at the desk focusing on their job, and a clean, well decorated hotel room. Much to my, and my wallet's dismay I found quite the opposite. I arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed, and found the clerk reading a magazine. It must have been a fascinating article, as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if I had a reservation, or would be making one. I said I had one, and gave him the voucher I'd printed out. He checked it, and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out, he went on to say that I would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if I wished to stay the night. I grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and I desperately needed to get some sleep. The clerk offered to walk me to my room, saying I looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after I got some sleep. I accepted, and followed him to my new room. He carried the briefcase I had with me, but it was not apparent why at the time as I had both hands free. He ushered me into my room, setting the briefcase down inside, and said if I needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything. I thanked him and closed the door. It was then that I looked around and fully saw where I was staying. What was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds 6" apart, covered in ruffled blankets and sheets. The cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently. A quick look around the other areas and I found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap, not even the complementary ones were left behind. I got ready for bed, and looked around for the TV remote, which it turned out, had no batteries in it. Instead, I just turned out the lights and rolled over, sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option. In the morning I walked down to the lobby and asked to check out. I'd had enough of the hotel after one night. The clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill. $240 for my room, and an extra $80 with a note about a baggage service. I asked her about it, and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service. I asked if it was considered reasonable to charge $80 for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up, and riding the elevator, and she said it was unusual, but not unheard of. She offered to change it to a "mere" $20 and handed me a slip with a phone number, name, and reason for the disagreement, saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and I after I signed it. I did so, and left, my wallet $260 lighter, and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep.
I recently stayed in The James Hotel in Chicago and trust me I will never do it again. When you pay a premium price you'd expect first rate service. Our whole experience was a disaster though short lived b/c we could stay their another second. When we arrived at the hotel we had to wait while the receptionist finished playing with her phone for service and then our room was not ready. So we had to wait in the lobby with our baggage. When we finally got to the room I wouldn't exactly call it clean but it wasn't to bad. The pictures on the website are nice enough but the furniture is falling apart and probably from Walmart. There was plenty of space for an average person of 5' but I'm 6'4" and the beds where smaller than what they said, not to mention uncomfortable. We ordered room service and not only did they bring us the wrong order but it took 2 hours. There walls were also paper thin so we got little sleep. The heater helped block out some noise until it stopped working in the middle of the night. So the next morning, sore from the uncomfortable bed, hungry tired and cold we checked out before we even had our coffee. Stay away!
I was disappointed in my stay at The James. I am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs. Each time I sat down for a meal, I would explain my dietary needs to the waiter. Most times, I ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included. My wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations, I made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her CPAP machine. I was assured that this was no problem. However, when we arrived at the hotel, we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed. We had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned. Overall, it was not an entirely horrific stay, but I expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber. Next time I visit Chicago, I will be staying at another hotel.
I was initially excited when I found out that my employer was sending me to Chicago on business, but I could never have imagined the frustration and irritation that would be heaped on me by the inept staff of The James Chicago. When I arrived, my reservation could not be found in their system, although I had made it myself. After some words with the manager on duty, Mr. Chad Montgomery, I was given a room at the previously agreed upon rate. Anyone can make a mistake, so I wasn't too angry at that point. My room was bland and colorless, in spite of The James' boasts of their attention to design and detail. The room was mostly clean, but after seeing the stains on the bedding, I am not convinced that they were washed after the room's last occupant. I attended a stressful business meeting in The Dining Room that night, complete with cold and undercooked food served by sloppy, disgruntled waitstaff. Afterward I decided that a relaxing spa treatment was in order. I was assured that I would enjoy "Asha's Purifying Shower Ritual", which would primarily take place in my own room. The shower was okay, but I think I must be allergic to the jojoba oil provided, because I broke out in hives all over my body. Next came the "in-room" portion. While I was in the shower, five of the foulest smelling candles had been lit in my room. I guess they were supposed to make it smell good, but I began choking on the odor the minute I walked in the room. My masseuse directed me to lie on the bed for the next portion, but his hands wandered a little too much for my liking. I am sure certain areas are NOT on the massage menu. In closing, if you have ever considered staying at The James Chicago, I beg of you to reconsider. With only a handful of positive things to say about the hotel, and a suitcase full of negative (including a pending court case against the masseuse), I can almost guarantee you would regret staying there. I know I do.
James Chicago would be one of the worst hotels I have ever been to in my life! Even though i noticed that the design of the place was extremely artistic, its service quality and hotel conditions were horrible. They gave me a room in which the blankets were dirty and looked as if it been used just moments ago! I figured it was because the hotel was busy but I started to notice that the furniture came with a cost in service. The television was not working at all. I was extremely disapointed, especially when coming from a rigorous day of work and just wanting to relax. Sadly, i settled in doing my work instead of frittering my time doing noting when i got the next disapointment. The Wifi was a bust. Absolutely nothing to do but to stare at the furniture or just stare at the wall. I am never going to James Hotel ever again!
James Chicago; the luxurious nice hotel as it was advertised. I didn't want stay in this hotel, but my wife insisted. Ok, so when I booked the ticket, it cost me $299 for one room. $299! I could get a new honeycomb android tablet with dual core processor at that price point! The room was stylish though, it looked nice. There was a TV, and the beds were fine. Although I couldn't quite understand why they had Wifi and no computer. Why would I even need wifi if there is no computer? What were they thinking!? The experience I had with James Chicago was a bit below of what I had expected. I mean the food available there wasn't very tasty at all. I had to wait in a long line to get the ticket and I was also hoping to browse the internet, but they had no computer, only wifi. That's like only having bread, without any fillings to make it into a sandwich!
DO NOT STAY HERE!! My wife and I were visiting family in Chicago and decided to stay at the James. We had stayed at the James in New York happily so we came in with good expectations. What a mistake. Our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website. The bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled. There was also a musty odor to the room. When we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude. We ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay.
A recent stay at the James Hotel-Chicago, revealed the the recent updating at this hotel was a facelift only. Although the rooms and public areas look nice, the hotel still needs serious work. Our first room was not clean when we arrived and this non-smoking room had a serious odor of cigarette smoke. We asked for a new room which was clean and odor free. We had to involve the Manager before our request was granted. The new room was better at first glance, but was severely lacking. We could not get the temperature properly regulated. The room was always either too hot or too cold for our two night stay. In a hotel commanding the rates of the James, we expect the room temperature to be a comfort which is taken for granted, not something which is a constant battle. Our mattress was horribly uncomfortable. When the rooms were updated, the James skipped new mattresses. Ours was worn to the point of having indentations you can't get out of--when you lie down, you sort of sink into a hole. This matter of basic comfort should not be an issue in a 'luxury' hotel. Last, but not least, we found the hotel to be loud at almost all times during our stay. In spite of the calming decor, the noise level was raucous and not at all conducive to a good night's sleep. All in all, we were unhappy with our accommodations at the James Chicago and would recommend you avoid the hotel even though it is in a convenient location. You will be happier almost anywhere else.
The hotel was not one of the better ones I stayed at. the room was seemingly nice at first, but after staying there for a few days it seemed like the cleaning staff never came through to clean it. I had the same sheets for a three days before I called and requested they be changed. Also, the walls seem to be paper thin and you can hear what is going on in the adjacent rooms, which interfered with my sleep. I ate at the primehouse in the restaurant also, and asked for a well done steak, and the steak was still pretty pink on the inside and lacked flavor. This is definitely not a hotel I would recommend to anyone.
I had a business trip coming up in Chicago and I wanted to stay someplace really nice, cause I had never been there, so made reservations with the James two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when I arrived they had no record of it. No big deal, right? They said they would take care of it and get me a room right away... two hours later I'm still sitting in the lobby! Finally I get to my room to try and relax. Everything was nice until I decided to take a shower. I went into the bathroom... no towels, wash cloths, nothing. I called down to the front desk and asked for some, about an hour later someone came up with one. Maybe they were just really busy? Finally I get in the shower and the handle is BROKEN!!! I went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that I broke it!!! They said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that I must have done something to it!!! Leaving that hotel was the easiest decision I made on my whole trip. Two thumbs down!
The James Hotel in Chicago looks nice on the website, but looks can be deceiving! The employees are extremely rude and the rooms are disgusting. I would definitely advise against staying there.
The James Chicago hotel was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The only good thing about it was that it was located downtown, so I wasn't forced to stay in it any longer than I had to. The receptionist was rude and snobby, my room had dirty towels in it, and i found numerous small insects in my room. Furthermore, the gym and spa were closed while I was there. Nothing was done by management to accommodate me for these inconveniences. Next time I will take my business elsewhere.
I was consistently disappointed throughout my stay at the James. I had heard from others that it was "agreeable" and "workable" and "all right," or even "a nice place." I figured that there would be no problems and booked a guestroom for a long weekend visit with my long-distance girlfriend. According to the website, I was about to immerse myself and my date in a bath of cutting-edge contemporary furnishings and "warm tones." Well, when I arrived, I felt like I was in an Ikea showroom just before closing time on a busy day. Everything in the front was just a bit too askew. The staff were busy, distracted, inattentive, and in every way keen to show me I was a bother to them. I handled my own bags far too much to be convinced of their commitment to my comfort. I also thought my room was quite pathetic for its price. It looked distinctly like someone had rolled around on the beds just before I got there. The bathroom fixtures felt a little bit gross and smelled very strongly, inexplicably, of men's cologne. Nobody cared when I complained of this and suggested that maybe it was just "stuck in my nose" and that it would go away. Well, it didn't, and I had a horrible headache by the time my lady arrived. This ruined my entire first evening in Chicago. For my price I could have stayed a week at an economy hotel, gotten my personal items treated for bedbugs, and still saved money. And I would not have been treated like such a pest. Needless to say, I will be looking elsewhere when I go back to Chicago. I may not be a frequent patron of luxury hotels, but I know when I am wasting my money.
When you stay at a hotel like The James, just from their price point, you expect a certain level of quality. If I pay well over 500 dollars for a room, I do not think it unreasonable to expect not only a quality room, but also a certain level of standard of service. Perhaps this hotel should rename itself The Lebron James, because it has about as much class as he does, and is about twice as pretentious. A handful of baby powder thrown into my face would have been a refreshing break from the level of service I received at The Lebron James. My night of hell began with the clerk, bellboy, or whatever he was, at the front desk, who faked what I assume was intended to be a British accent, but ended up as an unholy melding of Australian and New Englander. A British accent does not make you fancy, or skilled. Once I made my way past Mr. Belvedere and to my room, I was disappointed, not only by its size, which was unusually small, but also a faint scent of cigarettes. Not a strong one, but I could definitely smell smoke. Not acceptable. Then, while I was sleeping, a deep throbbing sound began to emanate from the walls. It sounded technical, mechanical, like an air conditiner malfunctioning. Despite many reassurances from the front desk, the throbbing continued on throughout the night. I demanded the man at the front desk come up and rectify the situation immediately, but from what I could tell, he never came.
Recently stayed at the James Chicago and will NOT be returning anytime soon. The staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous. Also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests. There wasn't enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely. Ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment.
We stayed at this hotel for our last vacation to the windy city. Although the hotel looks nice, the service is terrible. The staff was rude and unprofessional and not helpful at all. The room service closes at 8pm so don't plan on getting hungry after that time. Also, even though we stayed for a whole week we had to ask for new towels and extra toiletries. I will never go back to that place
The staff at the James Chicago hotel seemed determined to make my stay a horrible one. When I entered the establishment to check in, I was ignored. The clerk let half a dozen people in front of me before she even acknowledged me. Thinking room service would be better, I relaxed in my room while I waited for my food. By the time it reached my room, it was cold AND the wrong order. Disgusted, I went down to the pool only to find it was closed for maintenance. All the restaurants the hotel recommended were one-star, and none of my regular channels were on the tv. All in all, it was a bad stay at the James hotel in Chicago.
After staying at the James Chicago last weekend I can honestly say I will be going for affordability on my next trip. The James Chicago is terribly overpriced and the staff was very cold and disconnected. The chairs in the room looked like something out of Ikea. I love Chicago but this hotel is definitely not one of its better places to stay. I believe I would have been better off and happier staying at the Holiday Inn. You don't always get what you pay for.
The James Hotel in Chicago was a huge let down. I was expecting a truly spectacular experience. On the website it appears to be an absolutely fabulous state of the art hotel. Well, my family's bad experience started right when we walked in the door. It turns out the room we had reserved had been given to someone else, and the man at the front desk was extremely rude. We had to wait for an hour for the house keeping service to prepare a new room for us. The room had an odd smell and we had to ask for towels and hand soap as they weren't already in the room. The one thing that was good about the place was the fabulous gym. All in all, I feel that we paid way too much for what we got. Next time I will look to stay somewhere else.
The James Chicago is a stuffy, uninviting hotel. If you are looking for all of the comforts of home, do not stay here. The rooms are like boardrooms,not bedrooms. Definitely not a child-friendly hotel. The restaurant on site is also very modern and screams pretentious. I would not vacation here again, especially not with children. They were afraid to touch anything in the whole hotel!
The Hotel Monaco claims to be a "boutique Chicago luxury hotel," but it certainly was neither luxurious nor stylish. The pictures posted on the website imply that the guest is going to stay in a room with an amazing view, but that was certainly not the case for this customer! The decor, which might be "cutesy" or "charming" to some was actually quite tacky and outdated. The bathrooms had a musty smell and did not meet the cleanliness standards of a hotel claiming to be "one of the top 40 hotels U.S." Don't be fooled by a snappy website with some selective photos--this hotel does not live up to its billing. You will be disappointed, as was I, if you expect anything more than a run-of-the-mill experience at a merely average hotel.
The Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has "character". I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and "contemporary furniture". I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least. Because of their pet-friendly policy, our room smelled like a wet dog, and a canine "guest" down the hall kept us up all night with his howling. Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster. We waited an hour and a half for our order: meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10:00 pm until midnight! All in all, we would not stay here again. The views and location are great, but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago.
I stayed here last August and I'm truly glad that I will never have to stay here again. The website does a great job of creating an illusion. The rooms are so much smaller than it seems on the website. I thought the Monaco was walking distance to a few nightclubs but it isnt. The wireless internet is free but it is extremely slow. For such a "classy" hotel, there isnt a pool. At $46 per night, the on-site parking is way too expensive for guests. All and all, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
If you are looking for a true luxury experience, Hotel Monaco Chicago is not the place to go. I stayed here while visiting friends and decided to treat myself to a luxury experience. I did not get it. Check in was not a pleasant experience. The wait was long and the front desk staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. The room was ok, no roaches or anything, but it was small and cramped. And the mirrored headboard on my bed was more tacky motel than fancy hotel. The house cleaning service was really pushy and tried to clean my room at 8:30a in the morning. When I asked them to come back later, they gave me a whole 15 minutes before they came back. And getting extra towels was like pulling teeth. I don't know if they thought I was going to steal them or what. The room service food that I ordered was fine, but it took forever to be delivered and was half-cold by the time I received it. When I called the front desk to complain, they apologized, but did not offer to compensate me or send me new food. They have a restaurant at the hotel, but I did not bother to try it. The prices were ridiculous, the menu was limited, and my room service experience assured me it was not worth the hassel. I was really disenchanted with this experience. At $400 plus dollars a night, I received mediocre accomedations and poor service. Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else.
I decided to spend the extra money booking a room at the Monaco because of the website's pictures of the beautiful rooms and views. It was a waste of cash, to say the least. Although I had requested a room with a view of the city, they must have given me the worst room in the place. Maid service skipped over my room on my second day there, and I had to call for towels at least twice before someone finally came to my room. The food was outrageously expensive and not even lukewarm. Two-star hotel quality.
I arrived to find that my room was not ready, despite it being past the 3pm check in time. I was not offered any compensation for this, or any real apology, just shunted off to the side to wait it out. This took a good hour and a half, during which time I was needing to be reading for a meeting. Again, no apologies, just my card. The room was adequately clean (it had better be...) though sparsely furnished for the price. It did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot, south coastal motels. I encountered several problems with on site amenities, both in room and out. Some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway, even when I complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors. It seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness. After the abysmal (lack of) service at the hotel bar I elected to eat out every other night (I declined to try the room service, unimpressed with every other offering so far). I would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips.
I found my stay at the Hotel Monaco - Chicago to be less than satisfactory. They lure you in with a fancy website, promising the world and more, but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade. The pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match, but when I received my room (which by the way I could barely afford) I found it to be no more luxurious than my local Motel 6. They mention that they are "pet friendly". Let me tell you, that is code for "smelly". There was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and I was awake all night because of the incessant barking. Would not stay again.
Eww! What a sickening affair; the Hotel Monaco Chicago is a stuffy masterpiece of a hotel done wrong. I stayed there recently and the rooms reek of the pretended elite classes whom fill its rooms. I seriously was afraid to even lie between the sheets for fear of being charged a hefty linens fee... I stayed in Chicago for a week; I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one night!
Me and my business associate had a job in Chicago and wanted to stay somewhere that had more features. We did some research online and came across the Hotel Moncaco. We decided to stay for 3 nights. When we arrived we noticed that it was in a busy part of the city with bright lights. The staff was upstiff, and didn't not offer much hospitality. Our room did have a view, but of the city lights and kept our room bright, even with the curtains closed. The beds appeared soft, but did not offer much comfort. For what we paid, we expected more.
When I first looked at the Hotel Monaco Chicago - a Kimpton Hotel's website, the hotel looked very pleasing and a great place for me to stay during my visit to Chicago. The problems began when I called to make a reservation. The woman who answered was very rude, to say the least. I had a few questions about the spa services. She rushed through what sounded like she was reading through a brochure. I decided that I shouldn't let one person ruin my experience with the hotel so I made a reservation and soon I was in Chicago. The front desk service was very pleasant when I arrived, and the room seemed clean, other than the mysterious stain on my bedsheets. I got dressed up and went down to the bar area for a drink and appetizers. It took over thirty minutes for any worker to approach me for an order. Yet two other parties that walked in after me were served right away. I was baffled considering I was dressed nice and in a fairly good mood considering it was my first trip to Chicago. Needless to say I will not be staying at this hotel again.
While visiting the Chicago area, we chose the Hotel Monaco Chicago for our stay. As one of the premier luxury hotels in Chicago, we held high expectations but were quickly disappointed in what we recieved. The problems began as soon as we arrived. The attendant was not friendly nor did she have the smile that is suppose to be the symbol of Kimpton. And, when we went to our room only to discover that we had not been given what we had paid for, the situation only got worse. Rather than apologize for the error (my credit card receipt was on hand) we were blamed for the indescrpencies in rooms and told that not only was the room we had reserved and paid for more than two months unavailable, we would not recieve a refund of the price difference of the two rooms. I could not believe that a top 40 U.S. hotel that is suppose to be committed to excellence could make such a blunder! With no choice but to retreat back to our room, we were pleasantly pleased with all of the amenities that we did recieve during our stay. A beautiful hotel in the Chicago Loop, but don't go expecting to be treated with respect or professionalism.
When we got checked and arrived at our room the first thing we noticed was the light didn't come on when we flipped the switch upon entering. The room was not very clean at all. Dust had collected on the back of the tv and on the stand behind it, on the window sill and stains on the carpet. We had requested wireless internet service but it was down the entire first night. The mattress was very hard making for an uncomfortable night. The jacuzzi was out of order also. When asked to be moved to a different room we were informed that there were not others available.
My family stayed at the Hotel Monaco Hotel in Chicago from 2-5 September 2011. I have no complaints about the rooms but I do have to complain about the staff in general. When we checked in the lady at the desk was rude to my children, take it they were a little loud but it was daytime and she should have never spoke directly to my kids that way. The cleaning crew the next morning didn't even knock at our door before opening the door. My children were still sleeping and I was in the shower. Thank god my husband was already at his conference. The hotel was beautiful but the staff makes for a horrible experience. Louisiana resident.
My Family and I went to this hotel on holiday last month. It was a very bad hotel. When we got there we imediatly checked in and went up to our room. The view from the window was a brick wall. Really? We even asked the Lasy at the front desk, but she said they couldn't put us in a room with a view cause we didn't book one and we couldn't upgrade. Also, My Wife is a light sleeper and the trains kept her up at night. Another thing is alot of ads boast a hot tub in all the rooms but this is not true, our room only had a normal tub. But, the tub had no stopper, so we could only take showers. The room was also very small compared to other hotels with around the same prices.
My wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and, after our experience there, we will not be returning. With a hotel that markets itself as "luxury," we were expecting to get a big bang for our buck. We were disappointed, to say the least. First of all, we stayed in the King Deluxe room and it was uncomfortably small. The space was used poorly - my wife and I could not walk around the bed at the same time because there was so little space. The decor seemed rather dated and not of the best quality. Although they said our room woudl be ready at 3, we had to wait almost an hour past that for our room to be ready. Although the staff did offer a complimentary drink as an apology, they didn't seem terribly upset or apologetic about the inconvenience this caused. The noise at night from the city is horrible - even with the radio on in our room we could hear traffic and pedestrians on the street well past midnight. The hotel would not move us to a different room. All in all, I felt that we paid $100.00 for a luxury hotel and got a $40 Motel 6. We will definitely not be back anytime soon.
Having made regular business trips to Chicago, I decided to stay at the Hotel Monaco Chicago, since it was fairly new and I had a friend that had stayed there. The Lobby was quite small, which surprised me with a name like Monaco. As a matter of fact I found the furnishings to be quite drab.A boy took my luggage and showed me to the suite. It was two rooms, not as spacious as I would have liked, an entertainment room, and a bedroom with a standard television. Can You imagine, I was expecting H.D., but it was just ordinary cable. For $600 a night you would expect a 42 inch set. The bath was ordinary, nothing special, but the bed was a very big King.The view did not take in the Lake, unfortunately, just the Magic Mile. Well, I am starving so time to eat. The restaurant was well appointed, I hope the food was as good. I ordered lamb chops, potatoes au gratin and mint sauce. It was fair. I hope the rest of my trip si better than my accomadations. I would give this hotel a two and a half, but I would not return.
Traveled to this hotel on a family vacation. We chose this hotel because it was pet friendly. Upon arrival we smelled just how pet friendly it was! The dog that greets you attacked my dog. There was constant barking throughout the night and during breakfast, I found hair in my eggs! I would not recommend this hotel!
The hotel is located in an hard to fins location in Chicago, the dining room for dinner is uncomfortably crowded, the room service is hard to reach, overall it was not a pleasant hotel stay.
We booked this trip several months in advance and were greatly looking forward to our stay at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago. However, our experience was significantly different from what we expected, for the following reasons. First of all, there was only one person at the front desk when we arrived. That person was preoccupied with something on their computer so our presence was not acknowledged for several minutes. Then when we got to our room, there were beautiful drapes in the window and across one entire wall but I found them to be incredibly dusty. Just bumping into them slightly caused a cloud of dust to emerge which I found distasteful. Overall it was a good stay but those two inconveniences made us question the amount of money we paid for it.
I stayed at the Monaco-Chicago back in April. I was in town on business, and the hotel was recommended by a friend of mine. Having spent a weekend there, I have no idea what my friend was talking about. The complimentary morning coffee was weak; the fitness room was dimly lit; and I thought I'd have to have my clothes mailed back to me when I used their supposed "overnight" laundry service for a suit I spilled some wine on. My room was adequate, but nowhere near what I've seen elsewhere at this price point. Recent renovation must be slang for "everything is stiff and smells of industrial adhesive." The mattress in my room was incredibly firm, and I slept poorly. When I travel, I expect an experience similar to or better than my experience at home. At most hotels, I receive excellent service and comfortable accomodations. This was an exception to my usual, and I won't be back anytime soon.
I needed a place to stay for a business conference in Chicago. While higher priced, the reviews online plus four stars convinced me. Granted the hotel itself is beautiful, but looks can be deceiving. The pictures online show beautiful white linens but mine were a bit grey. The restaurant (Cafe Des Architect) had amazing food, so that was a plus, but the service was awful. I had to wait twenty minutes for a glass of water! My remote wouldn't work for the tv and the air conditioner was far too loud. The hotel must've been hosting a convention because I could hear music all through the night. The housekeeping was good but happened too infrequently. I called twice for more fresh towels. If I wanted this type of experience, I'd have stayed at a lower-end hotel. Same experience, less money!
I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel a couple of weeks ago while in Chicago for 3 nights. I must say, I was NOT impressed. This is an example of a hotel that tries too hard with little result except for inflating your bill. To start with, the hotel lobby was totally gaudy. It had sculptures and artwork that seemed meaningless and I guess was supposed to give an air of style. The room was ok I suppose, but certainly not worth the premium price I paid for it. The hotel food was presented like it was some kind of amazing French cuisine, but the food, while arranged nicely, tasted unremarkable and again, was overpriced. My final verdict is avoid this hotel if at all possible. It is simply not worth it.
I stayed at Sofitel with my husband for a weekend and I will NEVER be staying again! The staff was rude, the room was dirty, and the decor is ugly and garish. AVOID at all costs!
My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for three nights last month. We were celebrating our anniversary, so we decided to splurge on the Prestige Suite. According to the website, we were to be given either a city or park view, neither of which we had. Instead, our room was overlooking a dirty field with some sparse trees. The woman who checked us into our room was rude and impatient, and the man who helped with our bags was the same. When we got to the room, the beds were unkempt and the floors were in serious need of a vacuuming. The bathroom was dirty and there was dried toothpaste in the sink. My husband requested that we be given another room, preferably a clean one, but the clerk told us that there were no other rooms available. If given the chance, I would not stay at this hotel again, even if I were offered a free night.
Staying at the Sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences I have had in Chicago. Upon entering, there was no one offered to take my luggage so I was forced to carry it up to the check in desk. The front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming. The room was smaller than I expected and smelled of fake suede. I decided to have drink and some food in Le Bar and upon entering, I immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was. I could barely see the bartenders face. The drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what I was expecting. After an hour, I was ready for bed so I returned to my room to lay down. The mattress was surprising stiff. The noise was higher than expected as well. Thankfully, it was only a one night stay.
After arriving at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel I was greeted with rudeness and snubery. My room reservations had been double booked, and instead of the suite I expected, I was given a much smaller guest room. Instead of having a concierge I had cockroaches. The dining left me wishing for fast food. The bar left a bad taste in my mouth with the cheap liquor and hot beer.
The Hotel Sofitel Chicago Water Tower bills itself as a 4-star luxury hotel, but the luxury is evidently in the eye of the beholder. Filled with trite modern art and modular, cheap-looking furniture that looks straight out of the latest Ikea catalogue, this 32-floor hunk of glass has to be one of the ugliest hotels I have ever seen. "Urban chic" design does not equal comfort; the seating and bed furniture are made more for the design floor than for actual use. Room service is expensive, slow, and the food you eventually do get is mediocre in quality and flavor. The hotel features two bars: the Cafe des Architectes Bar, and the simply named Le Bar. Cutesy French names and trendy modern outfittings do not a good hotel bar make! Excellent service, fair prices, friendly and competent staff are what make a bar great, none of which you will find at either of these bars. Cafe des Architectes is also a restaurant, offering "seasonal menus featuring contemporary cuisine with French roots," which means small portions and large prices at questionable quality. Even the old standby filet mignon did not stand up to its reputation, coming out a little dry hunk of meat rather than a succulent steak. Pass this one by, if you're looking for a comfortable, enjoyable stay in downtown Chicago. The Water Tower is dry.
The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower, while seemingly a good idea in theory, has many drawbacks. At first glance, it appears quite luxurious and grand, but some of its shortcomings cannot be overlooked. The hotel is quite tall, coming in at 32 stories, and the noise from adjoining floors and rooms is sometimes quite annoying. The staff members do little to try to ameliorate the situation for the dissatisfied guest, so it seems as if your pleas for help go unnoticed. The hotel tries to adopt a French flavor, but its efforts fall short. The only real French influences are found in the names of restaurants and bars. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city, but this location also adds to the less-than-cozy feel of the establishment. The same complaint about the guest rooms and noise applies to the hotel in general. The city's traffic and noise both detract from the ability to fully enjoy one's stay here. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. Make a different choice.
While traveling in Chicago I stayed at the Sofitel on Chestnut Street. Though the hotel was a beautiful and comfortable as the advertisements suggest; service was severely lacking. I arrived late at night and had one peaceful dreamy nights sleep before being woke up at dawn. I reserved a room on one of the lower floors unaware of the construction happening in the area. I complained that I had not been informed of the construction and requested another room. My complaint was totally disregarded. I was told there were no other rooms in the whole hotel available. When I explained that the noise was bothersome I was treated rudely. The woman at the front desk actually ask me if I thought she could make the workers stop. I understand that the staff has no control over the noise. They did however know about the construction. Information I did not have at the time I booked. Information that would have swayed my decision. Then to treat me so rudely for bringing it to their attention. I will not be staying there again.
The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in the downtown area is advertised as a four-star luxury hotel. However, modern architecture and a convenient location seem to be its only reliable perks. Room service is available 24 hours a day, but offers a limited variety of items and often lethargic service. Two bars are located on the premises, which is appealing at first. Once inside, patrons do not receive the quality of service that is to be expected and there is a complete absence of privacy, of any kind. The guest rooms are relatively spacious and clean, but a lack of adequate toiletries and personal items can interfere with a guests routine. Obtaining additional towels and grooming products is much too difficult. If you are a traveler who is in search of a relaxing and hassle-free experience, with reliable customer service, booking a room here is probably not a viable option.
I stayed this hotel for 2 nights. I had high hopes seeing as this is a 4 star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures I've seen. Upon entering the building, you can easily see that it is clean and high class. The lobby was nice, and everything seemed as it should be. However, as soon as I made it into my room, it was completely different than everything previous to it. It was dirty, visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom. The room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms I've been to. There was also a lingering smell from the last tenants. When I called the front desk about these issues, they sent someone up to fix it. I left the hotel about two hours and upon returning, they were still at it! This is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors. The smell also did not completely disappear when they were done. As I was too tired, I just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at Chicago instead. I hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me.
When I made my reservations at Softiel in Chicago, I was expecting the ultimate in Luxury but Softiel failed to deliver. Everything was just ok. I do not spend money on a quality hotel for "just ok". If I want "just ok" I'll check into the Days Inn! First of all there were problems with our reservation. I asked to have a room near the top floors and my room was actually only on the fifth floor! The desk clerk was less than helpful to fix this. I eventually got it fixed but I certainly did not feel at all like a valued guest during this process. Later when I went down to ask for directions and information at the desk the clerk was very cold and abrupt with us. The room was quite nice but the shower did not deliver adequate water pressure. On the second day of our stay, housekeeping did not refill our soaps or coffee. They also failed to empty one of our wastebaskets. Minor I know, but when you're paying for a luxury experience, you kind of expect luxury! The hotel itself was nice but the staff really don't deliver. I would not stay here again. You can get a nice clean room at LaQuinta for 1/4 the price and the staff is much more helpful.
Our stay at the Sofitel was definitely below our expectations. The staff was less than nice to me after I waited several minutes until I was noticed. At first, my reservation could not be found, so I was provided a spare room. The hotel was fairly neat. However, once we got to the room, and onto the bed, we found the bed to be noisy. Just sitting on it made a squeaking noise that was unpleasant. We immediately called down to the front desk and informed them of our concern. We were told to go back downstairs to settle things out. Once we got downstairs, we were provided with another room number. However, we had to wait half an hour for another room to be cleaned and prepared. For such a well reviewed hotel, I was highly disappointed with the amount of time I had to spend to get settled into a room.
I wish to express my dissatisfaction with my stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. My husband and I had planned a trip to Chicago for our tenth wedding anniversary. We had gone to great expense to fly his parents in from California so they could have time with their grandchildren. My husband and I had not gone on a honeymoon because he we got deployed to Iraq the week after we got married. Everyone was so excited! Mark and I had reservations for one of the junior suites. We hadn't gone to Chicago before to be tourists and were looking forward to the view which was offered. Unfortunately, when we got to our room, the view was disappointing. We had requested a non-smoking room and were assigned to one, but it was obvious to us that someone had smoked in there. I am asthmatic and became very ill. We asked to be moved to another room, but were told there were no other rooms (even downgrades) available. Nothing was done to try to make up for this. Because of my health, my husband and I checked out within hours of arriving for our romantic anniversary weekend. This is not how I had imagined spending such a special time. Now, when I think of my 10th anniversary, I will always have this memory to tarnish it.
The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower was horrible. The first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was OK to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they didn't even have a record of our reservation. After much inappropriate arguing, they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine. When we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or TV. It took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably. The next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in. A quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount. We finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel, the FancyPants Hotel and Suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club. Overall, the service at the Sofitel was rude, rooms were unsatisfactory, restaurant sub-par, not well kept up or clean. In the future I would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record, like the FancyPants Hotel and suits, my personal favorite.
I recently stayed at the Sofitel Hotel (Chicago Water Tower), and I was quite disappointed. I was excited by the great location (on East Chestnut Street downtown), but this was a mediocre hotel for the price ($250 per night before taxes). The view from my room was of the top of a parking garage and some dumpsters, and yes, the view of downtown in the distance was pretty, but I was very disappointed. The bedding seemed to be polyester, not the luxury cotton many lower-level hotels are featuring lately. When I ordered room service at 10:30 (on a Thursday night), I had to wait for 55 minutes, 20 minutes longer than I was quoted. I ordered a salad, and I thought the lettuce was a bit limp as if it had been sitting out for too long. Overall, I was very disappointed by my overpriced stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower.
Sofitel not-so-luxury Hotels I recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower. I originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only 3 days I decided I had had my share of the water tower. Simply put it offered no reasons to stay. The Hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress, but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed. The First night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd, I think for the weekend. The next night the food was only mediocre and the third when I orderd room service I had to call twice. Even if you don't care about the food I think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice. They put on quite a show, but that is all and when the show ended I was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found.
Upon first inspection, Sofitel Chicago Water Tower looks like an excellent place to spend a few days in the heart of downtown Chicago, but appearances can certainly be deceiving. Best summed up, Sofitel is nothing more than a fancy Holiday Inn. It certainly shows that this hotel is part of a chain, even if it is an international one. The customer service is poor unless you look like you have $50 to tip someone. The furniture throughout the establishment looks and feels like it cane from Ikea. The rooms are dirty when you first walk in, the air feels stale, and the views are certainly all they're cracked up to be. None of this is worth a "luxury" price or even worthy of a "luxury" name. I will certainly not be staying here again.
After booking a room over two months in advance at the Hotel Sofitel Chicago Watertower and confirming my reservation twice, I arrived to find that the front desk staff had 'no record' of my reservation and that the only rooms available were much more expensive than the room that I had reserved. When I asked to speak to a manager, it took almost half an hour for him to turn up. He did finally give me a room at the rate that I had been promised, but did not offer any compensatory discount or bonuses for my inconvenience. The room itself smelled of dog but was otherwise okay. Not worth the rate though. The website really makes this hotel seem upscale, clean, and well decorated, but the rooms are not in the style that you would expect from the lobby. The staff's response to my request to move to another room because of the obvious dog smell (which could only mean it hadn't been cleaned properly) was met with contempt. They did move me, but I did not get an apology. Will not stay again.
I was here on business so I needed to get some rest the next day but the walls were so thin that I could here all the carrying on in the neighbors room till 3 am. This was very beautiful building the room was a lot smaller than I expected and the staff were not very friendly. The person at the front desk had no personality, did not even welcome me to the hotel. All in all I don't think I will be back.
