My stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago was without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences in my live. I was there for a week long conference. Although my reservations had been made months in advance, they did not have a suite for me when I arrived, resulting in having to stay in another hotel for the first night. Once my room was ready, I was disappointed by the cleanliness and the limitation of the kitchen: barely large enough to move around, and very few utensils to cook with. The pool was only open for limited hours, and I should not have bothered bringing a swimsuit. At night I was kept awake by the noise coming from adjacent rooms and the traffic outside. My overall experience was a stay in an overpriced suite. I will not book here ever again.
My husband and I were sorely disappointed in this hotel. We had requested a non smoking room, and right off we were hit with the stinch of stale cigarettes when we opened the door. The front desk was not responsive to our needs at all, but we did finally get moved to a new room. The water pressure in the shower was hardly enough to get the shampoo out of our hair and the beds were lumpy. I was very disappointed in the workout room, it was very small so I decided to swim laps instead, but when I got to the pool it didn't look like it had been maintained all week. Needless to say we won't make the mistake of staying with Homewood Suites again.
Atrocious. Here's our story: My wife and I are Californians but met as students at the University of Chicago. To celebrate our 10th anniversary, we decided to travel back to the Windy City and revisit all of the places we frequented when we were first falling in love. When it came to lodging, we knew we wanted a suite but little else mattered. We wanted to revisit the city and didn't intend to spend very much time in our room. As a result, we didn't spend very much time researching hotels. Big mistake. Our stay at Homewood Suites could not have been worse. Our room, which, I should mention, took a full two hours for them to prepare even though we had booked it months in advance, was filthy. (My wife found a dead cockroach in the bathroom.) The staff was rude and indifferent. The chocolates included in the Romance Package could not have cost the hotel more than a dollar. Cleaning staff failed to show up. Front desk offered apologies but little else. Suffice it to say, we checked out early. Never before have I seen such a poorly-managed hotel. Truly shameful. Stay away!
I stayed in the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago last week, and I was extremely disappointed with my experience. The breakfast buffet was minimal and did not seem to be frequently restocked. I came downstairs about 30 minutes before the end of the breakfast period to find about half of the food options completely depleted. Also, the milk provided for the coffee and cereals was warm, having been kept out on the counter. I would have been better off bringing my own food! Also, the layout of the rooms is extremely awkward. I had to move the furniture around to be able to watch TV, and then move it back before I could make dinner or comfortably use the room in other ways. I could barely close the door to the bedroom past the corner of the bed. It just wasn't what I would expect from a Hilton-brand hotel suite.
I stayed with my husband at the Homewood Suites in Chicago. We wanted to do something nice for our anniversary and thought that the Hilton was a solid name brand and expected to have a pleasant stay. Unfortunately this was not the case! The staff was very rude at check-in (which took 20 minutes) and the lobby smelled musky and gross. The room itself was not like other Hilton hotels I have stayed at. The carpeting was atrocious and the color of vomit, the room smelled of smoke (even though it's advertised as smoke-free) and there were a few long brown hairs in our bed! I was so grossed out that I had to call down to the rude staff to ask for our linens to be changed and they gave us a huge attitude about it. And don't even get me started on how poorly the shower/bathtub worked..a nice anniversary went totally awry due to how crummy this hotel is. If I could give it 0 stars, I would!
DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!! I would have certainly expected more from the Hilton, especially due to the price I paid for my room and the way the hotel is portrayed. Upon arriving at the hotel I found only one receptionist working and she was too busy texting on her mobile phone to check me in! I had to wait 15 mins before checking in and she made me feel like I was inconveniencing her! When I finally got into my room I was appalled. I had a non smoking reservation and the room stank of smoke and there were several visible cigarette burns in the comforter and the carpet. I called down to reception and to confirm that I was in a non smoking room, which I was advised that I was. I had to argue with the receptionist over the room for 10 mins before she agreed to switch my room for another one. One I entered my new room, I found that once again it stank of smoke, but after being too exhausted from my flight I decided that I would sort it out with reception in the morning. BAD IDEA! I curled up and went to sleep and awoke to the go to the bathroom around 2am where I noticed my legs were COVERED in red welts! I immediately rushed back into the bedroom and through back the covers to find my bed teaming with bed bugs. I packed my stuff and checked out that night, however a refund was refused. I have since contacted the head office and I am awaiting a response. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!
I went to the Homewood Suites in Chicago which is part of Hilton's famous hotels. I gotta say that this is the worst hotel that I have ever been to. In fact, Homewood Suites is the worst hotel on the face of this planet. I checked out the rooms and their rooms look like the hotel was built in bad shape. In fact, the rooms looked so bad that I wanted to leave the hotel early. I also got to check out the employees who worked for this hotel. I saw one of the employees and when I rung the bell for my room, they ignored me. How could a hotel have the worst service when they are supposed to not ignore you? One more thing that I hate about this hotel is that the logo didn't look like the actual logo. It looked more like the logo was changed to look more like something a baby could draw. I'll never go to this hotel again and it won't even be in a million years for that matter. This is a hotel that I will never recommend to anyone because of everything the hotel has to offer.
I really had high hopes for Homewood Suites when I stayed there on a week-long business trip last month. After all, considering their prices (it's technically a Hilton), you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel. I'll start with the good stuff about the hotel: it's in downtown. Now for the bad stuff: first, everyone is rude. I'm not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp. The bellboy scowled at me in the lobby, was rough with my luggage, and then scowled at me again when I tipped him $5. Likewise, the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head. She had to call her supervisor over *twice* just to check me in, and I had a reservation! Apparently she was new, and didn't have much experience using the computer, but that's no excuse: it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into 15 minutes of tedium. Sadly, the room was no better than the service. The hot water in the sink did not work, the shower was only lukewarm, and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink. Complimentary mood lighting, I guess. The TV was a bust; sure it was an LCD, but the ESPN logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel. And to top it all off, the bed smelled funny. I called the front desk (at least the phone worked), and asked for fresh sheets. The person I talked to said they'd be right up, but never came. Eventually, I gave up. I woke up the next morning to back pain (the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow). I left the room, and made my way through the chilly hallways to the "complimentary buffet." Literally all the food was bad. Even the cereal tasted stale. Looking around, everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience. The sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel. Just plain sad. Worst part was, it was the same thing for the next four days, too.
Whatever you do, do NOT stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. I made that mistake, and it was terrible! The bed linens were obviously not clean - there was even a stain on the comforter - and the housekeeping staff there absolutely did not care about doing a good job. Our room was only "cleaned" twice in a week's stay, and even then only the barest minimum of effort seemed to go into it. They didn't even empty the trash cans! As for the "in-suite" kitchen, it was awful. We were hoping to save money by cooking in our room, but with one broken eye on the stove and a nasty, greasy microwave? It seemed a better idea to eat out, and avoid any more unpleasant surprises from their lackluster in-house food. I didn't hear good things about their breakfast offerings, anyways. If I were you, I'd avoid this place like the plague. I know I'm certainly never going back!
Our vacation was highlighted by a four day stay at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.I believed it would be the best part of the trip; I discovered it was an unfolding nightmare. While in our lovely room on the fifteenth floor, a voice emanating from the phone, informed us of the pending fire alarm and what procedures to follow. Anyone above the tenth floor was instructed to go into the bathroom, wet towels and place them along the bottom of the closed door.Do not use the elevators and wait for further instructions.We nervously waited for twenty minutes without any further communications from the voice in the phone.We then decided to exit via the stairs, realizing too late that once you entered the stairwells, doors behind you were locked.We continued to travel downward, against the backdrop music of sirens and loud muffled speakers.Obviously, we were rescued without any physical injuries; yet emotionally we were damaged.I now choose my hotels in the range of ten floors or less.
This place was absolutely foul. From the minute I walked in, I knew making a reservation here was a mistake. The person at the counter would barely make eye contact with me and acted like I was asking a huge favor of them in order to check in. The room we requested (a room with double beds) was not available. They told me that when I made the reservation, requesting double beds was a "request" and not a "guarantee." What's the point of making a reservation, then? When we got to the room, the room was totally gross. The decor was dated, the carpet was torn in spots and the whole place smelled musty and almost moldy. The bathroom had spots and stains all over it. I hesitate to think of the true cleanliness of the sheets. The "complimentary" fitness area was a joke. One broken treadmill and a couple of mismatched dumbbells. Thanks but no thanks. We will definitely not return.
My husband and I planned a romantic getway for past several months and was looking forward to spending the end of the summer in Chicago. However our excitement soon turned to disappointment and frustrations upon our arrival. The hotel was quite charming when we walked in the door but then everything went wrong. The gentleman checking us in could not find our reservation and was quite impatient and rude once we showed our confirmation papers. The manager did make accomondations for us after much discussion back and forth. We did not have towels in the room when we checked in and it took at least an hour and several phone calls before the towels were sent to our room. Needless to say, I was extremely tired and wanted nothing more than to take a warm shower and turn in. If we had not paid the total cost up front, we would have just left and check into another hotel.
I recently stayed at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown, and found it lacking in the quality of their service. The rooms are nice and well furnished, but the service lacks in some areas. Some of the complimentary services include fast-speed wireless internet access, cardio-fitness and indoor pool, grocery shopping service and coffee, tea, hot chocolate or cider all day long in the lobby's 24 hour convenience shop. However the wireless internet was spotty at best with really slow speed at times, the indoor pool was far to cold in my opinion and the cardio equipment was left uncleaned. The grocery shopping service was alright, although a bit on the slow side and then finally the coffee and hot chocolate in the 24 hour convenience shop were both cold and overall of poor quality. Rating this Hotel on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give it a 3 at best.
I don't know how this hotel ever got such high ratings from others. This hotel was for me: over priced, fingerprints on the walls, stains in the bathroom, funky loud people in the hallway early in the morning, parking/valet was time consuming, and same thing with the elevator. The back to the 1960's furniture is not for me, and what about the breakfast? Better to skip their protein-less stuff they had to offer. Oh sure it is a Hilton, woopee! You pay for the privilege of sleeping there. Saw a couple of bed bugs, but took a shower in the morning, and they seemed to wash away. I won't be back to Hilton Homewood Suites again. I'd rather stay somewhere outside the city to save money. Think that I'll be happier as well.
Oh my goodness, this has got to be one of the worst places to stay in all of downtown Chicago. It all went well enough checking in, but them went downhill. There was so much left to be desired. The biggest problem was a huge turd in the toilet, I kid you not! I guess the maid was rather busy that day or took a break and forgot about it, I just don't know. But for the prices they charge, this type of thing is unacceptable. Most everything else about the actual room was as expected. The noise was a bit more than I'm used to though, but there was a convention of college age kids staying on the floor above us. So we asked to be moved to another room, they did get us in another room, but that took nearly 2 hours. The second room worked out well for us, but I won't be risking staying here again. Plus the pool was not available, I really wish they would have mentioned that on their website, I was looking forward to it for days. All in all, it is a beautiful place in a wonderful location, but they need to work on their customer service before I'll reconsider staying at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.
I was in business in Chicago, so I decided to choose what I thought would be a relaxing hotel to treat myself a bit. I should have known when the woman at the front desk rolled her eyes when I asked for some of the complimentary apple cider advertised. She told me, "It's by the signs" in a "you-idiot" kind of voice. Too bad the signs were too far away from me to read without my glasses! I was ashamed and did not ask for anything from the front desk again. The room itself was horribly decorated and nothing special. The "I'm too ugly to steal" furniture patterns and colors did not say "luxury" to me! I went down to relax by the pool with my laptop, to get some work done. Unfortunately, the pool was overrun with about five rowdy kids. No parents in sight. I would have reported them to the front desk, but was shamed by the aforementioned apple cider incident. Thank God I left my laptop in its case, or it would have been ruined by all of the water that was splashed on me! The "free breakfast" tasted like cardboard; it was something akin to a free breakfast at a $60-a-night hotel. I only tried it once because it made me feel sick when I ate it. The only good thing about my experience was leaving this overpriced motel behind to go to work!
Not worth the price! I had the unfortunate experience of staying in the Hilton Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. I stayed there with my family while we were on vacation. I wish I would have saved my money and went somewhere else. With a hotel this expensive, you think that they might throw in some bonuses your way, like complimentary parking. Not a chance. In addition to the $259 price tag, I also had to pay $30 for parking, per night. If I had stayed at the Motel 6, parking would have been free. The staff there were not very nice at all. When I registered, the lady at the counter acted like helping me was interfering with her internet chat time. She was very rude to me. Perhaps she was having a bad day or something, but I doubt it. After I arrived in my room, my key card didn't work, and I had to go back downstairs to get it fixed (once again, interrupting her precious free time with some actual work). The rooms had some nice features, like kitchen appliances and a flat screen television. I didn't go on vacation to cook though. The television didn't get very many channels, and you had to pay if you wanted to watch any of their movies (of course). I tried logging into Facebook to say hello to my friends from the hotel room, but the "complimentary" internet access was so slow that it was hardly worth using. I get a better connection at Starbucks. They offer a complimentary dinner and breakfast, but it's nothing to write home about. I've had better food at McDonald's. The food was pretty cold, and the choices are very limited. Traffic around the hotel was hideous. This hotel is downtown, and you can definitely tell. There are a bunch of one-way streets around, which makes getting in and out confusing. The room was pretty clean, but you can say that about a lot of hotels in a wide variety of price ranges. If you're looking for a hotel in Chicago, I'd say save some money and go somewhere else. I've had better stays at the Best Western and many other hotels that cost less.
Homewood Suites is a Hilton Group Hotel located in downtown Chicago. Though close to many sights, when we visited there was extensive construction going on along Michigan Avenue, so every morning we were awakened right at 8 am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers. We reserved the basic suite. Though we arrived at 5 pm, well past check-in time, our room was not ready for 30 minutes. The management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience. Once the suite was ready, it was nice. But then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom. We were relocated to another room with apologies, but again, no offer of compensation for the trouble. Once we were finally settled, the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer. The food was okay, but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point. The staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service. We though it was a good idea since we were already so tired. Unfortunately, it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected. All in all we were disappointed with our experience at Homewood suites. We understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable. I would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting Chicago.
After considering several hotels in the area, my family and I finally decided, unfortunately, on Homewood Suites, for our long weekend vacation. Overall, the experience left much to be desired. The breakfast buffet consisted of cold scrambled eggs and greasy pastries. The linens on one of our beds seemed dirty, and when I told the hotel staff and asked them to be replaced, the woman rolled her eyes and had a very unprofessional attitude. I would not come back here ever.
I stayed three nights recently at the Hilton Homewood Suites- Downtown Chicago. Overall I can't rate this establishment highly. The person at the front desk was disorganized- and took over 10 minutes even to find my reservation. Once I finally got my key, the desk person just thrust the keycard at me like she was happy to be rid of me. It didn't get any better when I got to my suite. The bed was poorly made, and I found a couple of long blonde hairs on one of the pillows. The room was very stuffy, and I swear might have even had a vague pet smell. My shower was not very clean- notable hard water stains on the shower door,and the bathroom sink had a small continuous drip. Also, the carpets didn't seem fresh and even had high traffic dirt noticable. I also visited their small gym/workout area and was disappointed there also. It had limited equipment that was in poor repair. The floor in there was even slippery, which made it a definite trip hazard. While the indoor pool looked good, as I dipped into it, the water felt a bit slimy and did not have a good smell. All in all, the amenities, the unfriendly service, and the sub-standard cleanliness makes this hotel one I would definitely not recommend to anyone. When that is paired with their sky high room rates, it's just not a place that should earn any repeat guests.
I stayed at the Knickerbocker Hotel the last time I visited Chicago. I lived in Illinois during college, and as I was on a college budget, most of my trips up to the city involved sharing a room at one of the cheaper hotels away from downtown. For my visit back, I decided I would treat myself to a nicer stay than I was used to, so I booked a room at the Knickerbocker. Everything looked nice when I got there, but for the price I paid, I was really expecting something far above and beyond what I got. Maybe I wasn't dressed right, or didn't carry the right luggage, but the front desk clerk was unnecessarily snooty when I checked in. Shouldn't a hotel try to make its guests feel welcome? When I stayed at the cheap hotels in college, the front desk employees were always friendly when I checked in and out, and they would give me good tips on the best way to get to the fun things in the city. Here, I didn't even want to ask for any tips at the front desk because I didn't want to deal with the eye rolling and "too important to be bothered" attitude I got when I checked in. I guess the location was more convenient than the hotels I used to visit, but I really thought that part of the money I was spending on a nice hotel would pay for a pleasant customer service experience. Look, obviously I can afford to stay at your hotel, I already booked and paid for the room. Even if customer service isn't your number one goal, making money should be pretty high up on the list, and making a paying customer feel unwelcome isn't a very good way to secure return business. I doubt I'll stay here again.
After a my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I contemplated the the poor quality of my experienc there and felt the need to document it. While the amenities were plush, the service of the staff was lacking. Upon check in, my reservation was "lost" and it took over 30 minutes for the manager to make arraingments for my stay. There was no offer to upgrade me or comp me in any way. Room service did a poor job in cleaning my room and left wet towles in the bath room. A used coffee filter was left in the coffee pot for me to clean out. I am not sure my sheets were changed out. When I checked out, the bell hop dropped my laptop and destroyed my hard drive leaving me to scramble to recover the report I spent days creating. Overall my negative experience has left me wondering if they train thier staff on the proper way to attend to their customers. I will be relunctant to stay with them again until I am assured they have focused on trainging their staff better.
Not one of my better experiences, When I first arrived at the hotel and tried to get my room key it was discovered that they were fresh out of keys. I had to wait half an hour while someone ran out to get more keys. It wouldn't have been as bad but the lobby looked to be in slight disrepair. When I finally got to the room I found the burnt out light bulb and an unmade bed. The room was an ok size for one person but any more than that and it would probably get a bit crowded. But the view from the window was amazing, and it took away some of the bad for me. Overall, it just felt like the owners of the hotel stopped caring, maintenance took four or so hours to finally come fix the light. I didn't even get housekeeping my entire stay there. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone in the area, hopefully it will make them get their act together.
Do NOT stay at this hotel! A friend and I booked a 3-night stay one weekend when we were visiting a friend in Chicago. Though it was a bit pricy, we decided on the Knickerbocker because it was in a great location, and the rooms looked large and well-kept. Our flight was delayed so we arrived a few hours after the designated check in time. However, despite calling the hotel in advance to notify them of our delay, when we arrived they gave us a hard time and we had to wait an HOUR until we were allowed up to our room. The concierge and manager were both extremely rude to us, and made it seem like we were a huge inconvenience to them by arriving so late. To top it off, the maid service was terrible. The only thing they seemed to do was make the bed; no vacuuming, no fresh towels, etc. We didn't want to stay the third night, but were forced to in order to avoid a ridiculous cancellation fee. This hotel is way too much money for the services they provide, you'd be better off staying in a Motel 6.
I went to stay in the Millenium Hotel Chicago. Now, first, being from rural midwest I was surprised at the price in general, but kind of accepted it when I was assured by my cousin(whom I was visiting in Chicago) said it was normal. So I check in, service seems fine. I get checked in, room seems ok. A couple of hours later, a lady comes into my room, not a hotel employee, just some lady. Turns out, they cross checked the rooms. We(her and I) went down and complained. Turns out they double booked the room, not that they were full, but they were full on THAT room type, Standard, as well as the Superior Rooms. Rather than simply upgrade one of us for the mistake they asked which one of us would like to "move up". We argued with them for 20 minutes, they didn't budge, our only option was for one of us to fork over an extra $60 for a Corner Superior. We(the lady, her name was Sharon) decided to split the difference some, she gave me $20 and I moved. I get to the new room about 20 minutes later, nobody, but Sharon helped me move. I get there, the bed was thrown together, not made, and the bathroom wasn't clean, the garbage had a kleenex in it(I wasn't going to check if it was used). I called down, it was now 5PM. No answer, I called for 10 minutes and finally got a hold of someone. I told them about the state of my room. They said they would have someone up "right away". I waited 30 minutes and a lady comes in, not in uniform, but she did a hell of a job cleaning. She switched out the garbage, wiped out the whole bathroom, vaccuumed around me, and switched out the bedding, all told she was in and out in 10 minutes. She didn't say two words to me, but she did clean. I stayed the night and checked out a 7AM and will never go back. Ryan from Iowa
When I walked into the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel, my first thought was ,"wow this is very yellow", and not the good kind of yellow like a sunny day, no the ugly yellow that you would want to wash off your pretty white blouse. my room was fairly descent although the yellow theme seemed to leak in. It was a Victorian feeling in the lobby that turned into a modern feeling in the rooms and bathrooms. i would have liked to see less yellow and maybe a bit more of that fancy feeling from the lobby in the rooms.
The Millennium Hotel Knickerbocker sounds fine, and the website is pretty, but the reality is an over-hyped, overpriced, reality-isn't-as-good-as-fantasy package. The catering they offer is a joke; you can pick up better food for half the price at a dozen or more places in the Chicago area. While the rooms were cleaner than most, there was a lingering unpleasant odor from the cleaners they used that aggravated my sinuses, and when I called to complain about it, a nasal-voiced clerk blew me off. The rooms look small but cozy when you book online, but when you get there in person, you realize just how tiny they are. Trying to fit inside of one makes you think of being in a sardine can -- did I mention that it smelled like cleaning solution? I also found a hair on my supposedly clean bed, which made me wonder just how thorough their housekeeping staff is. In fact, it looks like all of their rooms are comparatively small; you'd get better prices and a far better room from the Hilton.
I chose to stay at the 'Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel' during a recent trip to Chicago because I had heard they had good reviews. Boy, were these reviews wrong!! I had terrible service from the moment I walked in the doors. I was not greeted by the receptionist, it was like I wasn't even there. My room was NOT ready for me when I got there, even though I got there AFTER my required check-in time, then once I was allowed to go to my room, it was filthy! It was as if they didn't even clean it, so I don't know what the hold up was. There were no towels, shampoo or soap in the bathroom. The worst part was that there were bugs in the tub! The place was the most disgusting place I've ever been to, and it is supposed to be one of the nicest! It should be the nicest for the price they charge. I do not recommend staying here! Stay at your own risk!!
I was not at all impressed with my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago. Checking in there were two people ahead of me but apparently that takes the 1 (one!!) front desk agent 30 minutes to process. Both guests had issues with their rooms regarding, it seemed, wrong room types and being out of the room type requested. I was nervous about my own reservation and, sure enough, my Superior Corner room wasn't available. The hotel tried to compensate me with complimentary breakfast and drinks at the bar but it is still annoying to reserve a room type and not have it be available. I was also annoyed that every little thing has an upcharge at the hotel. Want internet? Upcharge. Want extra pillows? Upcharge. Extra coffee for the room? Upcharge. Bad enough to get that treatment on the airline ride over but to have a hotel nickle and dime you is very annoying and aggravating. I won't be back and would strongly recommend other travelers to beware before booking.
When we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, we had one of the worst visits i have ever experienced. Our room was not ready right away so we had to wait about an hour in the lobby. And finally when we made it to our room we found a moldy shower and a dirty floor. The room service took about an hours and a half to come to the room and she we went to the pool that day, it was so crowded there was no room to sit on the side. Our experience was definitely not a pleasant one. To make matters even worse, we were billed twice for our room which my husband luckily caught before we left. I am never coming back to Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel.
For the amount of money per night that the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel charges, one would at least expect a room with a working bathroom. The toilet wouldn't flush, the sink dripped and the towels were rough and cheap looking. When I called the front desk to ask for maintenance on the sink and toilet, the staff were indifferent. It was over an hour before anyone arrived to fix the bathroom fixtures, and when they did arrive they were unable to stop the drip in the sink. All in all, I was disappointed with my stay.
After a one night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I must say that while I loved Chicago I will never go back to this hotel. The problems started in the parking lot, yup before I even got in. There was very little parking available and the area was filled with garbage, broken glass and kids hanging out looking for trouble. Upon first entrance the hotel seemed nice but all that changed as we got into the elevator to go up to the room. The elevator made all kinds of noise and the door slammed shut on my arm as I was trying to get the bags out. The hall smelled of smoke and the carpets were warn and dirty looking. When in the room we found that one of the curtains would not pull closed, the heater whistled and when I called the front desk to ask for assistance and fresh pillows I was hung up on. This was only the beginning of our terrible stay. Guests where in the hall and banging on walls all night long. The maids started running vacuums before 8 am and seemed to feel that the best way to do it was by hitting the vacuum on the wall with each pass. We could not check out soon enough! We called around and found another hotel to stay in for the remainder of our trip.
I had such high hopes when I booked a stay at the Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago a few short weeks ago. When I arrived I should have known things would not be as I expected them to be. The host at the desk was rude and seemed put out that I was there. When I finally got checked in and arrived in my room I found that the temperature in the room was far too hot. The air conditioner was not turned on and on a hot, muggy day it would have been nice to enter into a cool room. I turned on the air conditioner and after quite some time the room cooled down. Since I arrived in the early afternoon I decided to order room service from the Nix Restaurant that is in the hotel, I ordered the Gooey Triple Decker Grilled Cheese, at $14 I was expecting the best grilled cheese sandwich I had ever eaten. When it finally arrived, more than an hour later, it was cold and the cheese was far from gooey! It also comes with a bowl of Tomato Bisque soup which, needless to say was also cold. For the quality of the food, $14 was way too much to pay for this meal. After a meeting with clients we stopped by the Martini Bar for drinks. The waitress was rude and seemed to be overwhelmed by the amount of people she had to serve. Needless to say it took forever to get our drinks. We heard other patrons grumbling about the amount of time it took for the drinks to arrive as well. Finally we got our drinks, we all ordered a French Martini. We all took a drink and immediately all our mouths puckered, it had far too much pineapple juice in it making it very, very tart. At $14 each you would think it would be made to perfection, far from it. The evening finally over I went back to my room where I now found the temperature to be too cold due to the air conditioner not turning itself off when it should have. After a miserable night I checked out glad to be done with the Knickerbocker Hotel!
When I arrived at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I was shocked at the poor and dangerous neighborhood it was situated in. This was not the Chicago I was hoping for.In addition to that, it looked nothing like it did in the pictures on their website. The paint was faded and chipped, there was a foul odor in the lobby and there was no staff to speak of. After we waited for 15 minutes at the front desk, someone finally came and said that they did not have a reservation under our name. After a long trip, I'm sure you know how aggravating that was. Finally I got a manager that knew how to work the computer properly and he brought up our reservation. Once we got to our room, it was very small, smelled like smoke and the carpet was severely stained with either wine or blood. Also, as we were walking to the room in the hallway, a cockroach walked right across our path like he owned the place. To top it off it seemed everyone staying at the hotel was a gangster or a gambler and his lady for the night. All we heard was lots of frighteningly loud love making and arguments ensuing that even a television could not mask. It was a nightmare. Oh yeah, and the shower did have any hot water. We complained to the desk and they said that it was not there fault and that it would be fixed my next week. When we asked for a discount they said that there were no refunds and that we could leave whenever we wanted.
While the hotel certainly seems to look beautiful, the hotel is actually far from it. Even booking a room online was rather difficult, and i wasn't able to reach a representative upon calling any of the contact numbers. In general coming here is a bad decision despite how it looks, its a mistake i wont make again and you shouldn't either.
Superhigh Bill at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago My wife and I decided to take a weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary. I told my wife that I would take care of everything. I booked the Millennium Knickerbocker because it had a great location, it was reasonably priced for a 4 star hotel and had spa features. The hotel loby seemed nice enough and the staff seemed fine. The problems for us started when we went to our room. I have sinus problems, so I didn't notice the smell in our room, and my wife didn't say anything to me because she wanted to go with the flow and not ruin our weekend. We couldn't find the remote for our television and we didn't call down, we were trying to be good sports. We were both disappointed when we realized that our hotel didn't have a pool or hot tub, swimming and relaxing in a hot tub is one of the reasons we go on vacation. Upon checking out I was hit was 250 dollar fee for smoking in our room. My wife and I don't smoke and there was nothing we could do to get out of the smoking fee. If that wasn't bad enough we were hit with a 50 fee for the missing remote control.
The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel has seen better days. I had fond memories of staying there when it was considered the finest hotel. I booked a room to celebrate a special occasion and found a highly-priced, not so great property. I had to look at five suites before I found one where the upholstered furniture was to my liking, some of the other rooms carpet was not clean, the refrigerator was dripping water, and the balcony was littered with cigarette butts. I finally settled for a room, only because the bellman was friendly and apologetic but as over priced as it was I should have turned around and walked out. I sent a letter to the management when I returned home, but it had been a month and I never received an answer. There are plenty of other places to spend your money. Don't leave it at this hotel.
I had wanted to stay in this hotel since I had heard about how historic it is and I was highly disappointed with my stay there. The room that I was given was dirty and when I went back to the front desk to inquire about it, they disregarded my concerns. It took them a very long time to get me a new room and they whole time they were very unprofessional and did not make me feel welcome. I did not stay in the hotel all night since the people in the rooms around mine were unruly and were making noises all night long. I left that night but not before demanding a refund.
Although the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago claims to be an affordable upscale hotel in the heart of Chicago, it is somewhat expensive, starting at $200 per night. There are very few special discount rates available for the budget conscious traveler. The rooms are modern looking and a little less cozy than one might prefer. The carpeting in the rooms is a little outdated and somewhat dirty in a few areas. The views from the rooms are not as great as they could be. The hotel seems to be understaffed and the heating unit in the room is hard to adjust to the right temperature. Although the hotel is located on Chicago's famous Michigan Avenue, it is a $40 taxi ride from O'Hare airport and a $36 taxi ride from Midway airport, both rather pricey options. If you chose to drive there, the valet parking charge is a hefty $53. Again, not very budget friendly. All in all, even though the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago is close to some of the major Chicago attractions, it is only an average hotel on many levels.
We stayed in the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago in a standard guest room. The rooms had just been renovated, but the changes did not make much of a difference. The room was so small, it felt like we were sleeping below deck on a boat. The decor was drab and there was nothing special about the room. We were excited about the bathrobe and slippers that came with the room, but we assumed there would be a bathrobe and a pair of slippers for each of us; there was only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers. We called the front desk to ask for a second set and were treated like we were trying to scam the hotel and refused to send them. It would not have mattered if they sent a second set; the bathrobe was so scratchy it gave me a rash and there were stains on the slippers. As hotel guests, we expected to be treated with respect and enjoy the stay we paid for. We were severely disappointed.
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is one of the worse hotels I have stayed in. Everything from the lobby to the staff to the room experience was horrible. As I walked in to the lobby, the lobby had a fowl smell, similar to rotten eggs. The staff wasn't much better, especially room service, where it took over 30 minutes just to make my request for more towels. The baggage handlers gave me rude service and when checking in or out, they almost just refuse to provide service. The room I stayed in was ill maintained and looked like nothing like in the pictures. The windows were dirty and I couldn't see anything outside the window. The room smelled like someone soiled the room and there were ants crawling on the tabletops. If I had to give any suggestion on this hotel, you should just avoid this hotel all together. Even a cheap motel has better standards than this hotel.
This hotel is overpriced. One should pay money for luxury, but they fall far short considering the prices that they charge. When you go to the hotel restaurants you expect a certain mark-up because, yes, they do have to make money. But the prices they charge for food that was okay makes little sense to me. When I got there and went to my room, I thought that there would be nice colors, a great view, and deluxe bedding. What I got were sheets that might have come from the full price section of target--they were not cheap, but not that expensive either. I think I could have found something of this quality at less than the 200ish a night I paid.
I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and there is no way I'll be going back. Check in took a long time as there many people arriving for a conference and only a single staff member at the reception desk. My room itself was barely passable - the bathroom seemed to need a good cleaning and the room itself looked like it had seen better days long before I ever was here. For the price I was paying, you'd think they'd allow access to the work out facilities, but they wanted an outrageous PER DAY charge! Top it off with the small pool and no hot tub and you won't want to be spending any time here at all. To top it off, the promised discount rate wasn't honored at the end of my stay, despite being assured that all was well at check in! I ended up arguing with the manager about it when I was checking out - since I had to catch a flight, no resolution happened and as of yet, I'm still waiting for responses to my calls and letters. Chicago has a lot better hotels to offer and for the price per night I paid, it wasn't worth it. Even the Shula's wasn't enough to make me want to return here.
I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel. It was my first time staying at this hotel and, I am sorry to say, it was my last time staying there. One of my main issues with this hotel was the amount of noise. The walls must be very thin because lying in bed at night I could hear my neighbors in the next room talking. Although I could not quite make out the words of their conversations, I could definitely hear their voices as more than just a murmer. In addition, I was awakened several times by people conversing in the hallway as they walked by my door, presumably on the way to their rooms. Admittedly, I am a light sleeper, but this was ridiculous. If you decide to stay here, I suggest that you check your bill very carefully before check out. When I checked mine, I found that I was being charged a rate higher than the one that I was supposed to be charged. I had to wait in line at the front desk for someone to help me (and the front desk service is woefully slow) and finally had to ask to speak to a supervisor before the error could be corrected. Finally, though I had been told upon check-in that my room had been recently updated, I cannot believe that statement was accurate. The room appeared to be rather dated in its furnishings and decor and the carpet appeared to be somewhat worn. All in all, I round my stay at this hotel to be disappointing. Next time I will arrange to stay elsewhere.
The Sheraton Chicago is not the place to be if you want to experience Chicago. There are no customer services to provide you with ideas of what to do, and there aren't even any shuttles that will bring you around town. The food in the restaurant at the Hotel serves mediocre burgers and fries, and makes no attempt to emulate the Chicago culture. There are a million other hotels in Chicago, and this is one of the most average. The rooms are fairly decent sized, but they lack amenities like wi-fi and mini bars. The view is nothing special, and the concierge is anything but responsive to phone calls.
My husband and I made a reservation at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers, for a much needed weekend getaway. We took off work early Friday to beat traffic. Once at the hotel we quickly found out that there was not ample parking. We drove around several times looking for a space and had to park in an adjoining lot and walk across a busy side street to gain access to the hotel. Upon checking in we were informed that the floor, where our room was located, was in the process of having the carpets cleaned. We decided since we prepaid with our credit card that we were going to make the best of the situation. We took the elevator, which smelled like urine, up to our room. We did see some carpet cleaning machines, unattended, in the hallway. I hoped for the sake of safety, no children were staying on this floor. We walked into our room and my first thought was how much humidity was in the room and it seems one of the guest used the microwave to heat up some sort of spicy curry cusine. The overwhelming scent of burnt curry mixed with the chemical smell of the carpet shampoo were too much for us. We called the desk manager and asked if we could change rooms. He rudely informed us that the hotel was completely booked due to several weddings. Just then, the roar of the carpet cleaning machine came through the walls and I could not hear anything else my husband said. We decided to get a refund on our card and leave the hotel. It was an awful experience.
For the price, you would think this would be a top quality hotel, but it was nowhere close. Service at check-in was slow and unfriendly. The room was even worse. It was small, dirty and smelled like stale cigarette smoke even though I had requested a non-smoking room. The cover on the bed was stained, there was hair all over the bathroom floor, and the curtain rod was almost falling off the wall. Everything looked tired and in desperate need of a remodel. I also didn't appreciate having to pay for wifi, when other premium hotels offer it for free. Overall, this was one of the worst hotels I have stayed at in a long time, and considering the price, it was terrible.
This might be a classy looking hotel in downtown Chicago, and while the location is not bad, the rooms are definitely hit or miss. They range from the super basic "affordable" room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford. With so many different room options, it's no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past 4:00 pm. The hotel has a decent pool, but the health club is extra per day, as are many other services at the hotel. You'd imagine that for the price of a stay here ($160 up to multiple hundreds) that more things would be included! Additionally, the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful. I really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here. If I were to return to Chicago again, I'd definitely try out staying somewhere else.
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers in December of last year and had one of my worst hotel experiences ever. First, when I went to check in, I was completely ignored by the staff, they were rude and seemed to have better things to do than help me check in. When I got to my room, all the way on the 23rd floor, the room was dirty and had not been cleaned. So back down to the lobby and they seemed to feel it was no big deal and gave me another room. I went back to check and the new room was dirty also. There were pubic hairs on the bed and in the bathroom. It appeared the maid only went into the room and picked up trash and made the bed but did not clean. All I can say is YUCK! My next visit to the lobby the staff gave me an attitude about having to transfer me to another room AGAIN! Extremely poor customer service and gross rooms. I felt like I was staying at a $30 a night roach motel, not the $250 a night Sheraton. My advise is to stay away.
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago hotel for a business meeting and had an absolutely horrible experience. When i arrived, exhausted after a series of delayed flights, I was told that my room was not ready. Not ready at 5pm, are you kidding me! After waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes I was finally called over to the desk only to be told my king room was changed to a room with two queen beds, fine, whatever. I get up to my room and unload all of my bags only to find my a/c doesn't work. I call down to the desk and the clerk tells me that they are sold out and there is no where to move me but she could discount my rooms $20. No apology. Nothing. Im exhausted and deal with my 80+ degree room. When I went to check out the next morning I find out no one even bothered to apply the discount. Again, no apology. I have never received such poor customer service in my life and will not be comming back.
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers recently, and I was completely dissatisfied. When I arrived the clerk was very rude to my guest and myself. We finally got all of our things figured out and went to our room. There is a river right outside and i constantly heard boats passing by. My bathroom was disgusting and not to mention, very small. I did not have a very pleasant experience at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is not the hotel for persons wishing to have a relaxing getaway. Upon entering this hotel you have the impressions that it is a warm and inviting place. One encounter with the staff will change this point of view immediately. the person who assisted us was not very knowledgeable with his duties and did not provide the overall attention required or expected. Everything about this hotel exudes class and sophistication. Training for the staff should be conducted immediately in order to match classy look of the hotel with their interactions with the customers. I am truly diappointed with the fact that my stay at this hotel was as substandarded as it was. I was so looking forward to a wonderful stay at your establishment. I hope that the issues mentioned earlier are resolved. However, I do not plan to return to this hotel again.
I was recently a guest at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and was immensely dissatisfied. I arrived to find that they had "lost" my reservation. They told me they were booked solid even though I had produced my copy of the reservation confirmation. After nearly an hour of arguing with the front desk clerk she finally asked for the hotel manager to step in. He was almost helpful. He searched the database and found that there was a "cancellation"; however, it was not for the type of room I had reserved. I had asked for a suite as I was going to be staying in the hotel for several days. I was given a box with a bed in it. They made no apologies for losing my reservation and offered no alternate compensation. Unfortunately, I was in town for a conference and everyone in the area was completely booked. I had no choice but to accept what they had offered. I begrudgingly accepted this with the intention of contacting the corporate office and posting my review here. Do not stay in this hotel they will NOT help you with anything, even if it was their error.
Stay away from this hotel. A few months back me and my wife decided to get out and have a nice pampered away from home weekend. Looking at different options for this weekend we decided to go with the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. They claim " Experience the extraordinary " and this sounded great. When we arrived at hotel we were met buy a closed front door and nobody to help with bags. The front desk clerk explained that our room was not yet ready and to goto the bar for some complemenatry drinks. After waiting 2 hours for our room we finally can start to relax. Well upon entering room the smell of something horrible is overwhelming . The front desk informed us there was no other rooms and they would bring up some air freshner. We packed our bags and headed over to "x" hotel and were able to get to our pampered weekend away from home.
I booked my room at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers somewhat reluctantly; I was not enthusiastic about spending over $200 on this room after seeing the lackluster photos on their website. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived that the lobby did not look as stuffy as it did online. Unfortunately, my hopes were dashed once again when I arrived at my room. I say 'at' because after discovering my newly issued key was not working, I had to wait ten minutes before someone finally came to let me in. The room was painfully small-- if I didn't know better I would have thought I was staying at a Red Roof Inn! The "sweet sleeper bed" had stiff and scratchy sheets, with a cheap-motel-thin coverlet. The disappointment continued after I entered the bathroom and found that it not only reeked of smoke, but also outfitted with the cheapest trimmings possible. I stayed my two nights, and was surprised to find out that all sorts of other charges were added to my room (for which I was not responsible), charged on demand movies, an empty mini bar, AND for smoking in the bathroom. HAH! I have stopped payment on my credit card, and most certainly will not be submitting myself to this horrific experience again.
I was really expecting a lot more from a quality chain like the Sheraton, but a recent stay at their downtown location in Chicago was somewhat of a disappointment. It started with check in; I had specifically requested a room with a single king-size bed, but was told at the front desk in no uncertain terms (OK, rather rudely!) that because of some banker's convention that was going on, I should be happy with the double-bed room that was left. It was all I could do to get a lousy drink voucher for my inconvenience! The room itself was OK, nothing special though. The cleaning staff must've just been through, because there was a faint aroma of old washrags still in the air. The internet jack wasn't working. It took more than two hours for a maintenance guy to come up to fix it, no apologies given. For the price, I really expected more in the way of customer service from Sheraton. I guess they're really no better than anyone else these days!
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice, but it certainly does not "exceed expectations" as touted on their website. Their Starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler. "Chic but not fussy" is an overstatement. The room was clean, although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it hadn't been cleaned since the last guest. There was hand lotion and shampoo samples, but no soap sample. The bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed. "Cheap" might have been a better adjective. Check out was simple and not much hassle. Overall, the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is fine in a pinch, but next time, I will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room.
My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers with the belief our stay would be a 5 star experience. That was the farthest thing from the truth. The staff was very rude and unhelpful. The hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff. Once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over. So overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room. As we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest. My wife went to the bathroom, and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor. That was just the beginning of our bad stay. After being in the room for about 30 minutes, there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the Chicago police. There was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room! My family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched. There was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched. Come to find out after video surveillance, the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana. Needless to say, our stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was the worst part of our vacation and I would not recommend anyone to stay at this place.
I was sorely disappointed with the Sheraton Chicago. From the outside it looks like a great hotel, and I guess the inside was clean enough but the decor was really boring and frumpy, not what I expected when looked at the website. The front desk staff was nice enough at first, but when I asked for the wifi password they told me I had to pay extra. I mean come on, I'm paying over 200 bucks a night and wifi is EXTRA? The lady who checked us in got a little snippy about it and said it says so when you make the reservation. (Note to self, don't let your husband book a hotel without checking first about what amenities are offeredd.) So things started off on the wrong foot anyhow. I guess the positives for this hotel are the location and the lakeview (from some of the rooms) and it seems pretty safe. Other than that I was not impressed for the price - I've stayed in big city hotels for half the price that had better linens, a better restaurant, where they got your room cleaned up at a reasonable hour (we stayed two nights and we didn't get our beds made and fresh towels until almost 5). I guess the most unpleasant thing was the odd smell - not musty per se but maybe like chemicals they use to cover up a mildewy smell. In general it seems lke it's on the decline and the staff knows it, they're just kind of lackadaisical. I wouldn't stay there again.
I want everyone to know about the awful experience I had at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. When we arrived at the hotel, the clerk who was checking us in said that our reservation was not in the system (I had called earlier in the day and confirmed it). After speaking to the on-duty manager we were informed that our reservation had been canceled earlier in the day and that the hotel was now completely booked. We later found out that there was a convention at the hotel and that the price for the rooms had risen dramatically. I believe they canceled our reservation just so they could make more money. I for one won't be going back to this hotel!
We planned a fun time for our kids this summer by booking a kids suite at the Swissotel Chicago. Our fun time was not exactly that. Upon arriving for our weekend getaway, we find that the reservations we made online and the confirmation we held in our hand for a kids suite, did not mean a thing. Apparently, there were none of the kids suites available. The kids suite is supposed to have things to keep the kids happy when they are in the room: coloring, video games, etc. No one at the front desk could explain to us why there were no kids suites available. Whatever. So, we took a regular suite with the promise that we would be moved as soon as one became available. Guess what? We spent the whole weekend in the same room. Yes, the staff apologized, but no one seemed overly concerned that our children were dissapointed and no compensation or extras were offered to make us less cranky about it. Other than that and the fact the none of the hotel staff was very friendly, the rooms were clean. We did not spend a lot of time in the hotel, but I will not be booking a room here again. The staff did not impress me at all and we did not feel like we were treated well at all.
While staying at the Swissotel Chicago I experienced some of the worst customer service I have at any hotel. The front desk was extremely rude while checking out, and even seemed to try to hurry us out. The fitness center was always packed and I was never able to get on any of the machines, as was the pool area. While eating at the restaurant, I felt it was a very overpriced meal, but it was very elegant looking. The last issue I had with the hotel was the valet parking, it took them awhile to get my car, and they actually pulled the wrong car around. It was another 10 minutes while I waited for them to sort the issue out. The worst part by far was the customer service, and although the hotel looked nice, it wasn't worth the stay with the way I felt I was treated based on the money I was spending. Next time we are in Chicago, we will be staying somewhere else!
The Swissotel Chicago hotel aspires to be a tourist's paradise, a hotel so grand and luxurious that you'd rather stay than return home at the end of your trip. But is it really as magnificent as suggested? True, you can get a massage, the rooms have flat screen T.V.s and iPod docks, heck, there's even a gym. But the truth is, you're really paying much more for a few things you don't really need. The Swissotel attempts to lure you in with their illusions of grandeur, when really, all you're getting is a Holiday Inn style room with fancy wallpaper and the ability to play tunes from your mp3 player. Overpriced dining options are available at the Palm Restaurant. They claim to serve excellent lobster, yet what I ordered was the size of a craw fish, and left the taste of a burnt fifty dollar bill in my mouth. This hotel hides behind a velvet curtain, hoping their facade won't be revealed.
Swissotel Chicago: Don't let the shiny bright lights of the windy city fool you. This hotel does not provide the luxurious experience or stay as you might expect. Firstly, the provided appliances and room gadgets are of relatively low quality. For example, the window curtain for a small bedroom window nearly broke off it's support after trying to open them for a city view. The bedroom bed (King-sized) makes rattling noises on every turn of the body you make. Of coarse, this isn't too bad once you fall asleep, until then, it sucks! In regards to room services, the hotel workers are not all that friendly. They talk to you in a stubborn way, as if they just want to get it done and over with, just to get their pay-check. Yes they do all basic room service orders, but it is not all too friendly. Overall, this hotel has it's much noticeable flaws on top of the positives this hotel has (which is a bare minimum). With that being said, I would not recommend this hotel for anyone around the downtown Chicago area in need for at least average hotel services. However, if sub-par service and quality is okay for you, then this hotel could be suitable, however, considering it's prices, you are better off looking elsewhere for hotel rooms.
I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago while I was on holiday recently and I have to say, that you definitely get what you pay for! I was initially attracted by their inexpensive prices for the luxury that they promised. I was sorely mistaken. The first problem I had was when I got there they told me that they had double booked the suite I had reserved. They gave me a discount but had to downgrade me to a regular room. I should have left then but I decided to keep an open mind. After we were all settled in my husband and I went to The Palm restaurant. My husband has food allergies and they got his order wrong so we had to send it back three times. Each time we asked them to fix it, they stormed off angrily and would return in a huff. After dinner, we went back to our room. Just sitting on the bed I knew it would be a long night. The mattress was hard and the blankets had a bad smell to them. When I went to the restroom, the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous patrons! My husband grabbed a blanket out of the car and we used it instead of the smelly one. We just didn't want to bother the desk staff after the cold reception when we had walked in. I tried their massage service the next day and the massage therapist was very unprofessional. He pressed really had and hurt my back. Perhaps it was because he was distracted with all the texting he was doing off and on throughout the session! For lunch we tried Geneva restaurant in the hotel and the food was not cooked all the way. I decided to eat it anyway and got food poisoning about an hour later! Once I got sick, I was done. I went to the desk and demanded a refund for the next two nights because I was not going to sleep there one more night. I made a formal complaint with the manager who seemed to act like it was our fault and that we were being unreasonable. After a lot of arguing, he finally refunded us and we went to a different hotel. This was the worst place I had ever stayed! I think a Super 8 Motel would have been more luxurious!
I recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago with my husband and two children. While the room was comfortable, I did not think that it was the best choice of hotel for those with children. The main reason for this was the dining. While the in house restaurants had children's options, there were not any other dining options that were a bit more informal. Anyone with children knows that you don't want to take them to a sit down restaurant at certain times. This was especially true since we were traveling. We arrived at the hotel with tired children in hand and wanted to eat a quick meal and then put them to bed. However, our only real options on location were these fancy restaurants. This was certainly not the most family friendly of options for a hotel with a kid friendly package.
What I thought was going to be a romantic Chicago Weekend turn out to be lackluster. The Swissotel Chicago per their website seem to tout itself as a luxury destination well much to my surprise it was not. First my reservation was messed up instead of getting "the classic room with a view" we were put in what I guess is their classic king. The view was nothing to write home about. When I called the front desk to complain about the situation I was told their was nothing they could do since the hotel was booked solid. I asked how could this happen when I got a confirmation? The clerk simply said "probably a glitch sorry is there anything else I can help you with?" At the point I hung up the phone as I knew our romantic weekend with a view was not going to happen. When we checked out I told a manager what happened and He said there was nothing we can do sorry" I expected a little more customer service from them since they think of themselves as a luxury destination.
Worst high priced hotel I've ever stayed at! I had a business meeting in Chicago and heard good reviews from a few co-workers thought it would be a nice place to stay but was a little upset with my experience with Swissotel in Chicago.Front desk clerk was very rude at check in, valet parking was great until they brought my SUV around front with a quarter size dent in the passenger size door, the hotel refused to pay for the damages. The room was very beautiful besides the faint mildew smell in the room. Room service was great and very pleasing!Our business meeting took place in the St Gallen room where our meeting took a little disruptive turn, there was construction going on during that time and was very hard to hear the announcer in our meeting. Other than that the hotel was beautiful but the stay wasn't as great as i expected, you may want to book somewhere else if you have a business meeting to attend in Chicago.
My husband and I stayed in this hotel for what was supposed to be a romantic weekend. It was far from that! We could hear the television in the neighboring room and when we called the front desk to complain, the person who answered the phone was extremely rude! We were unable to relax at all! Also, the room was not very clean, there was a definite smell of cigarette smoke and the bed was as hard as a rock. We will not be returning to this awful place!
I recently was in Chicago on business and chose to stay at the Swissotel, Chicago. The hotel sells itself as being stylish, sophisticated and luxurious and says it is in the center of the city. I would have been better off anywhere else. I was not impressed with the interior, finding them bordering on clinical and too modern for my taste. I guess 'stylish' might be modern in some people's minds, but not mine. Also, luxury to me means plush not hard and clinical. When I made my way to reception, I hardly encountered the friendly customer service boasted of on the website. I had organized an executive suite as I was planning to work some of the time from my hotel room, and thought the extra space would come in handy. When I proceeded to check in, the girl at the desk told me, while smacking gum, that I had no reservation. I handed over my booking confirmation and she told me that at first she had spelled my name wrong, even though I had spelled it out for her. She then proceeded to tell me that due to a conference, all of the executive suites had already been allocated, but that they would be happy to assign me to a lake view room. Correct me if I am wrong, but this is a step down from the room I had asked for! Surely if you give away my room, you should try to compensate me with something better! I said that no, I really needed more space as I would be using the room as an office, and finally she said that they did have a corner king room available, and that if I wanted to switch the following evening, I would be welcome to do that. The room was ok, although, again, I was disappointed by how cold and clinical it felt. I did attempt to make use of some of the hotel services, but found them sadly lacking. Some comments on the services: the high speed wireless was not available in the room unless you were willing to pay a fee for a cable to connect, and also a per day fee which borders on extortion! There was free wifi in the lobby, but requires you to sit near the doors which open constantly letting in freezing blasts of air, plus deal with the noise and bustle of people constantly coming in and out. I did phone room service on my arrival to request an extra pillow and towels, but had to wait 2 hours before they arrived. The fitness center and pool which I was looking forward to using, were closed for cleaning when I went up. Breakfast the next morning consisted of continental items, which is not what I would have expected for the money. All in all, I would say your money is better spent elsewhere.
I recently had the misfortune of staying at the Swissotel Chicago hotel in Illinois, and it was one of the worse travel experiences I have ever had! First off the shuttle that was suppose to pick us up at the air port was late by over an hour! Then when the bus finally came, the driver was nice enough but it was clearly his first day on the job since he got lost going back to the hotel. Finally when we got to the hotel they didn;t seem to have our reservation for the 2nd room. (my wife and I stay in one room, our teenage girls usually stay in their own room.) So after the very rude clerk at the corner did nothing to help us we were forced to pack into one room. we would have rented another room but they had no vacancies left. They hotel did have a large occupancy rate, but that only slowed up everything else. our room service was late almost everytime we ordered, and the hotel restaurant never had a wait less then 45 mins. The quality of the room was fair enough, but it was almost impossible to get room service, we could not get fresh towels for almost 2 days! We were suppose to stay for a week, we left after 4 days and found a different hotel to stay at. I would not recommend this place to anyone! stay away!
I was very disappointed with this hotel. I have stayed in other Swissotels and enjoyed them very much, but the service can only be described as aloof. There was no warmth during the prolonged checkin procedure, and the woman repeatedly asked me to provide information I had given her minutes ago. Precise, indeed. Room service took forever to pick up (good sign in a way=busy because they are good), but the food arrived very late and very cold. The man tried to replace it, but than took another hour, and I was never given a price reduction, free dessert, or anything to apologize. As for cleanliness, they must be next to godly, as they knocked on my door at 0800, despite the fact I had a doorknocker requesting no service (I'm a late sleeper.) Very disappointed with my stay. This hotel clearly did not help build the chain's reputation.
I received the type of room that I had reserved. Cleanliness seems to be an issue with the maid staff. The carpet had debris and the bathroom needed attention. Room service was adequate but not great. The walls seem to be paper then as I heard one neighbor's TV for most of the night and the other neighbor's late enjoyment.
I stayed at Swissotel Chicago for 1 night while on vacation with my girlfriend. Our plan was to stay 3 nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate. We walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in, we still stood waiting for 10 minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel. Once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention, she got off the phone and acted like I was the one at fault. Needless to say I will not be staying here again.
Chicago is my favorite city visit. I wanted to share this special city with a new love and booked us a room at the Swissotel. It is advertised as close to downtown and close to the museums of Chicago. I wanted to share my new love. It was indeed close to the museums but to get to either the shopping district or the Chicago Art Institute it was a long walk, full of detours, and it was not easy to grab a cab. While the rooms seemed to be luxuriously decorated the beds were uncomfortable and the rooms just were not very clean. The Room Service was slow, the food arrived cold, and the total experience was way so expensive for what we got. I do not think I have ever experienced the level of noise in such a "grand hotel" as the Swissotel seems. I would not recommend the Swissotel because disappointment, noise, and cold food should just not cost that much.
Grant it, this hotel seems very nice, but I was not at all pleased with my stay here. The customer service was horrible. I had to request more towels and washcloths several times before receiving them and my linen had not been replaced either. For as much as I paid to stay here, you'd think the least you'd get is an iron. Not! I had to request an iron, too! In addition to all of the failed amenities, I was mistakenly charged twice for my stay and wasn't reimbursed until an entire week later. The next time I choose to visit Chicago, Swissotel will be the last place I think to stay.
I booked a room at Swissotel Chicago because I thought the price was reasonable, and at the base price it was; however, it ended up costing more than I had planned for, as you have to pay for parking and other amenities. The service was not very good, considering they market themselves as a luxury hotel. There was no one there to help us bring in our bags when we had a difficult time doing so, and the staff were cold. All in all, I would say it was an average experience... not luxurious like they claim it to be.
My husband and I arrived at the Swissotel Chicago to celebrate our 13th wedding anniversary. We automatically thought our experience would be nice because the pictures on the website and the hotel's brochure intrigued us. Boy were wee wrong! Upon arrival (at the given and advertised check-in time) our room was not ready. We waited for more than an hour, with our bags in hand. We checked more than twice to see if the room was ready, but the staff was less than "warm" both times. After a few frowns and mumbles from the people at the desk in the hotels' lobby, tired and finally arriving to our room, we expected to take a nap and hit the city. We reserved the premier Corner King or so we thought. We were supposed to be able to see the lakes and rivers and the skyline. Yeah, right! All we saw were the brick side of the other side of the building. In addition, the water in the shower had little pressure. We called the front desk, the phone rang for 21 times before someone answered. My husband said that he thinks that they knew we were the people calling. We requested a better room, but they said that none was available. However, they did have an upgraded room, but we would have to pay some sort of upgrade fee. We could not believe it. My husband felt that we should not "agitate" them any further, for fear that they might make things even worse for us: like turn off our air. We threw on some more jeans and headed fro the coffee shop around the corner that had given us refuge before. After returning about 2 hours later, the water pressure was fixed. The room was clean and the bed was plush, but the overall experience (especially the rudeness of the staff) was not good. Let's just say that on our next 13th anniversary we won't stay at the Swissotel and will tell others to not stay there.
I had really high hopes for this hotel. The location seemed great and the prices were too. Unfortunatley, you get what you pay for. Despite being located near the miracle mile and navy pier, there weren't many other redeeming qualities. The staff was very rude. We arrived late after a long drive from Detroit and found nobody in the lobby to help us check in. Once we finally got checked in, our room hadn't been cleaned and there was trash left over from the last people. We were told the cleaning staff had gone home for the night and they couldn't get to it until morning! We had planned on seeing some of Chicago's attractions like the Field Museum but we could hardly find anyone to help us out with where to go. Their website advertises lots of specials and packages but we found absolutely no way to purchase them. Finally, when we checked out, they had charged our room an extra cleaning fee because the cleaning we requested on the first night. RIDICULOUS!
The Swissotel Chicago is a very mediocre hotel, the service is always poor, and the room service food always comes cold, unless it's supposed to be cold than it comes warm. I would rather stay at a super 8 than this place again.
