Affinia Chicago is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. Not in my life have I been treated so poorly as a guest. The front desk was very unaccommodating when I asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation. There was no bellhop available for some strange reason so I had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself. If it wasn't already a bad stay, I ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered. If they didn't have air conditioning in the room, I would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable. If you are traveling to Chicago for any kind of business, I hope you decide not to choose this hotel. I was quite surprised, I like Chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience.
I recently stayed at the Affina Chicago hotel and was really dissappointed. When I arrived, the desk clerk was really slow checking me in. I feel like turtles could have checked me in faster. I was finally checked in and my room was on the 8th floor. The elevator ride seemed to take forever. I arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great, but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table. I figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it. I went to the C-House for supper that evening and I had to wait for what seemed like forever. The meal was good, but my waitress was very uptight. On my way back to my room, I asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for 6 AM the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up. It would have been nice to actually get it though. The next morning I surprisingly work up at 7:18 AM and realized that I had not received a wake up call. I was very upset and let them know. Overall this experience was not worth the 4 stars that this hotel has been given. For the price, quality and ratings the Affina Chicago hotel has been given, I would expect better service.
I stayed at the Affina Chicago for my anniversary. The hotel is in a great location, but that doesn't make up for the poor customer service and rudeness of the staff. It looked like the cleaning crew forgot to vacuum from the last guest since there was hair on the carpet. I spent more money than I would normally, hoping for a luxury experience, and left very unsatisfied.
If you are looking for a high end hotel on the Magnificent Mile, the Affinia Chicago is NOT your best option. First of all, the "central" location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the Navy Pier (which this hotel claims to be the "official" hotel of) and to the shops on the Mile. Secondly, the hotel is small - only 215 rooms, most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area. Thirdly, they have one restaurant and one lounge, both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel. Finally the Affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel. One does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the Affinia!
I just returned from a long weekend in Chicago with my wife. We stayed at the Affinia hotel and I can't even begin to describe what an awful experience it was. When we arrived at 4pm on Thursday (check-in is 3pm), our room was not ready. We had to wait til almost 5pm before we could even get into the room. Once inside the room smelled like an ash tray. Obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room. We decided to just go out for an early dinner. After arriving back to our room around 9pm, our key didn't work. We had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one. The next morning the maids started knocking on our door at 7:30 in the morning! Why would you try to clean the room that early??!! The 'do not disturb' sign was on our door for the rest of the stay. After that early wakeup, we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned. The front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when I asked. Eventually we did get a new room but I didn't enjoy the demeanor I encountered to do so. Our new room was fairly nice, and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful, but I have a bad taste in my mouth and likely won't stay there again.
My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Chicago last week (in a studio suite, which was NOT worth the extra payment). It was an absolute NIGHTMARE! To begin with, the room is listed as 'oversized', when it's nothing of the sort. We've previously stayed in the hotel and the regular guest room is only about 2 square feet smaller. I believe the only extra space was in the closet, which isn't very useful unless you plan on living there! We had our two sons with us, so we had to make extra sleeping space. Our oldest son slept on the couch and woke up multiple times in the time, complaining of bugs moving around. He must have been umcomfortable also, as I sat on the couch during the day and it was like a rock. The room service is horrible, they took 47 minutes to deliver a pillow for my wife around 10pm, and she had to wait up for that. My family would NEVER go back to this hotel, and I highly recommend you also stay well away.
Terrible experience, I will not stay here again. The walls were so thin that I was kept up all night by the party going on in the suite next to mine. I talked to the management several times, but nothing was done. It may just be the people that I had contact with, but I thought the staff was standoffish and rude. Very unpleasant experience, especially given the cost of staying here!
I stayed at the Affnia hotel in Chicago and was extremely unsatisfied. I would recommend everyone to avoid this hotel. I paid $700 overall for 2 nights in a cheap, small, untidy room. Granted, I've stayed at hotels of similar quality, but never have I paid so much for one of them! I could not believe what I saw when I walked into the room...it was tiny and there was small patches of mold on the wall (that had been painted over). The breakfast I ordered wasn't terrible, but certainly wasn't good. The wifi connection was horrendously slow. If you want to spend a big buck on a hotel, fine...just don't spend it here.
After reading good reviews about the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, my husband and I decided to spend two nights there to celebrate our 30th anniversary. Unfortunately, the hotel missed the mark for us. I did not expect to find bedbugs underneath the mattress in a 4-star hotel. Because my husband and I have had a bad experience with bedbugs, as a rule, we always check underneath the mattress before settling down for the night in any hotel. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk staff, they practically accused us of planting the bugs there. I was very humiliated and disappointed in the way the situation was handled. Needless to say, we made the decision to pack our bags and went elsewhere to celebrate our anniversary. I have written a letter to the hotel chain and hope that they will be more responsive to the situation. I have also reported the incident to my credit card company to alert them that I will be refuting the charge for the one night the Affinia charged to my account because we missed the cancellation deadline.
I was extremly unhappy with my recent stay at Affinia Chicago! When I arrived to check in, my reservation that I had made, (and confirmed), 2 weeks earlier, was not in the computer.I had to wait 40 minutes in the lobby while a room was being cleaned for me. The whole time the desk clerk gave me dirty looks and texted non-stop on her cell phone, while the office phone rang off the hook. I had no toilet paper in my restroom or trash can in room.I'll never go back,dont waste your money.
What a terrible experience my family and I had at Affinia Chicago! First of all, we reserved a room with 2 queen size beds and received only 1 King size bed with a cot. When we got to the room, we found hair balls on the floor as if a cat had previously stayed there. What an absolute terror Affinia was and I will never be going back!
The Affinia in Chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences. If you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for Affinia, do not expect any measure of customer service and don't expect great accommodations, even at their high prices. When we arrived our reservation was lost, then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available. The furnishings in the room were cheaply made, the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel's L shaped corridor. I called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time. Two hours later someone came. The dining hall and reception areas were really nice, but again, unless you're a large group don't expect to enjoy them during your stay at Affinia. Even if you could, the prices wouldn't be worth it.
I recently stayed at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago, and it was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a high-end hotel. I was in Chicago for a conference, and I thought I would enjoy the experience more if I had somewhere pleasant and relaxing to return to, but this hotel definitely wasn't that place. The restaurants were mediocre at best, despite their high prices; I repeatedly got food that was bland, overcooked, or lukewarm. The room was fine, but nothing special; I think I'd have been just as comfortable in almost any hotel in downtown Chicago. A big part of my discomfort and dissatisfaction with the hotel, though, was with their Jet Set Pets program; it's hard to find a decent, relaxing hotel that I'll like that will also accept my dog. But many of the employees were rude about my adopted mutt, who is energetic and loves people but isn't the most photogenic dog - he has a scar on his face and he's got that terrier look. Multiple people mocked him, or said there was no point grooming him, or asked why I wanted him sleeping on a bed in my room. I know that it's a fairly high-end hotel, but I would hope for better service regardless of the class associations of the dogs. I hope they at least treat all of the dogs boarded there well. The experience was overall frustrating and unsatisfactory, especially for the price. I can give them good marks on their spa services, and I really appreciated the pillow "menu," but other than that it didn't feel like a particularly luxurious or indulgent experience, especially given the customer service.
Extremely disappointed in our stay. This hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online. I booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be, only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for. The room smelled musty and not clean. Garbage was not changed from prior person. Found small ants in bathroom near shower. Called to complain and someone came up 2 hours later and used bug spray. Overall this hotel is in a great location, but we would never visit again. Staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online.
Affinia hotel in Chicago was one of the most interesting hotels I have ever stayed in. Everything looks very nice and fancy, though the people that work there must be from the projects of Chicago. The customer service was the worst I have ever experienced in my life! When we went to check in, first we had to wait about 15 minutes for the 3 workers that were at the desk to stop their personal conversation and check us in. When the women at the counter finally acknowledged us, she was smacking her gum, and was upset and treating us like we were inconveniencing her! The room service brought us cold eggs for breakfast, and the attitude of the staff overall was extremely rude. I would NEVER go back, and I hope this place gets a staff makeover if they want to stay in business.
There are many high-quality hotels in Chicago. There are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the Affinia Chicago. With its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service, it is just a combination for trouble, We had established our reservations for Friday the 15th amd arrived at 4pm to check-in. No Room. One hour after their posted check in time and nothing. No apology, no offer for upgrade, no discount. Nothing. As a seasoned traveler I have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list.
Our trip to Chicago was a complete delight despite our stay at the Affinia Hotel. Because their rates were actually higher than we were used to in New York City, we naturally assumed we would get a nicer establishment. We could not have been more wrong. This place focuses on gimmicks to set themselves apart from their competition. Uunfortunately, it does set them apart but in a strictly negative way. Both the "Dream Pillow Menu" and the "Experience Kit" were a complete flop. With the "Dream Pillow Menu", the hotel offered patrons what seemed to be great pillow choices from down-stuffed to hypoallergenic selections. We happily chose the fluffy down pillows but when we got to our room and laid down on them a giant poof of dust came out. At first, I thought it was my imagination so I stood up and hit the pillows on the edge of the bed. More dust came out them! Particles were flying around the room, I'm now sneezing and there was this disgusting grit all over my sunglasses that were sitting on the night stand. I called the desk and they sent up replacements for all the pillows. These pillows were some kind of "music pillow" that pluged into an mp3 player. I was sleeping on uncomfortable cords all night. In general, the staff was pleasant and tried to be accommodating, but there was just no apology good enough for filthy pillows. Another failed gimmick they offered was the "Experience Kits". We were given (ours to keep) a collection of some maps (which were actually very nice), a walking tour guide that was all marked up, and a handy deck of cards opened and missing two cards. If this place lacked attention to detail, that is one thing, but it lacked any attention at all. If the pillows weren't already enough, at this point I was certain that I would never stay at this establishment again. Run, don't walk away from this place.
I truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment, but my time spent at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago forced me to do so. It was to be our first trip to Chicago since I was a boy so my wife and I were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel. First I must say that the counter help was far less than helpful. The apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service. He said we had not reserved a room, which I had weeks earlier, and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that WE must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both. Finally the manager arrived after I insisted on his presents. He did straiten out the confusion, but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants. I called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place. We were shown to another room, this time to our liking. From that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the Affinia had. To list just a few; the television was a 13 inch black and white which could get only 4 channels, the food that room service brought up was cold, lifeless and bland, the cleaning person knocked at our door at 5 in the morning every morning even with the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door, and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and I lift the room. To be blunt, I truly hope that the CEO of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff, guts the building thoroughly, and is publicly flogged in a downtown park. WE WILL NEVER STEP THROUGH THE DOORS OF THE AFFINIA AGAIN.
Hello, I recently stayed at the Affinia hotel in Chicago, and was very unhappy when I learned of additional charges upon arrival. When I made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees. When I arrive I'm told fee to valet park is $49 per day, plus another $10 for internet. This is just plain ridiculous, and will remember not to stay here in future. There's too many other fine hotels that don't charge these fees.
What I hoped would be a pleasant stay turned into a nightmare. The first sign of trouble at the Affinia was that they couldn't find my reservation. Add to that the room service delivered cold food after a long wait and the mini bar was not well stocked. The internet service was so slow it was unusable. To top it off the street noise seemed to penetrate the thin walls with ease making getting a good night sleep nearly impossible. Finally, I discovered the valet parking, which was a $49 premium service, dented my fender and scratched the door paint on my car. I highly recommend going elsewhere when you visit Chicago.
The Ambassador East Hotel is a terrible place to stay. All of the rooms are old and dirty as though they haven't been cleaned or remodeled for years. The hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating. Do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees.
The Ambassador East is a particularly crappy property, given the numerous quality hotels in and around the Gold Coast. Unfortunately, I saw an amazing rate and decided to book -- this experience will be a reminder that you get what you pay for. While the lobby was gorgeous (and appears to match the photos on the website) the room I was assigned was run down, and looked nothing like the photos posted on the website. It looked like someone had put a quick coat of paint on the walls, but the furniture was old and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty. The room also smelled of must or mildew. While the room did have air-conditioning as advertised, it was an in-window unit that sounded like it was on its last leg. I was only here for a single night, but had I been here for anywhere longer I would have requested a refund. Please, if you're staying in this part of town, do yourself a favor and book at any one of the numerous other properties around here. The Hampton Inn and Hilton Garden Inn are both nearby, clean, and often have special-offers -- these aren't the only properties in the area, but both of these will save you a potentially unpleasant stay.
During my recent trip to Chicago, I stayed at the Ambassador East hotel, which is located in the downtown are. I have to say I was not pleased with my stay there. For one, I had requested that my room have one king sized bed when I called for reservations, however, when I arrived, the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and I had to settle with two double sized beds. When I told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation, he just shrugged his shoulders. When I got to my room, I found it to be very small. There was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room. There wasn't, although I did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed. At night, there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel. I did not figure what the convention was for, but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise. I called the front desk several times complaining about the noise. Each time they assured me they would deal with the noise, but the racket never dissipated and I finally gave up getting any sleep. I did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me, the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble I had been having at the hotel, but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble. When I left the Ambassador East, I vowed that if I ever returned to Chigaco, I would never stay at this place again.
My husband and I recently went to Chicago for my Aunt's funeral. We are not familiar with the area so we asked for recommedations of where to stay for the two nights we would be in town. We were told to stay at the Ambassador East Hotel. I wish we could say that our experience there was a good one, but sadly, it was one of of the more disappointing travel experiences we have had. Upon check in we were quickly shown to our rooms, but when we entered our king suite a very strong, musty smell greeted us on the other side. At first I thought I was just being sensitive, but after about an hour in the room we simply had to request to be moved. The smell was too overwhelming. The front desk said they would be happy to move us, but the only other room available was a suite with two double beds, rather than the king bed suite we originally reserved. While this was not exactly what we wanted, we didn't really have a choice to refuse. After transfering to the new room and getting settled, we discovered that the electrical outlet near the sink in the bathroom did not work. While this did not bother my husband too much, I was very annoyed, as I need the mirror while I use my hair dryer, curling iron, etc. I absolutely did not want to have to switch rooms yet again, so I simply had to make due with doing my hair next to the bed. They also only gave us two towels of any kind in the bathroom, so we had to request washcloths and small hand towels, BOTH DAYS we were there! Each time the housekeeping staff seemed incredibly annoyed at these requests. For what we paid to stay at this hotel, we were not impressed at all. The customer service was lackluster and the rooms were not up to par. If you are ever in Chicago, do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
I had heard good things about the Ambassador East and decided to stay there on vacation with my husband -- what a mistake! First off, they charge for being able to use the internet, which should be a given these days, especially for how much you pay for the room. The "champagne" was cheap , I could have spent $15 to get my own bottle. The King room was just as small as a double room anyway. The bed was really hard, and crudely made. Maybe there was someone new on the staff that didn't know how to make a bed, but besides that, the sheets were starched to military stiffness. It was so uncomfortable! When I asked if we might get some new sheets, the staff were so incredibly rude and told me I was basically stuck with what I had because they're "all that way". I was appalled! Anyway, we gave it a shot and stayed there that night, in the mediocre luster of the room design. We didn't sleep well and didn't particularly enjoy ourselves, especially because apparently there was a wedding going on in the building because we could hear the party! I mean, talk about the opposite of peaceful! Again, we tried appealing to the staff to have our room moved away from the party, but they said they couldn't move us because of the romance package. What a jip! After the kind of "fun" we'd had, we realized we couldn't handle anymore. We called for a manager the next morning and fought with him for a couple hours. We wanted to just cancel the second night of our stay, and he said he'd do that, but that we'd still be charged a percentage of it! After telling him everything that had happened and how displeased we were, we finally got him to not charge us and left to go stay at another hotel that was actually relaxing.
I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel this past summer for 5 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had! Firstly, the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there; they looked dingy or just plain dirty. Second, I went to function one night and came back in late so I was really tired the next morning, hence I slept in late. I put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean. Obviously, the room service lady can't read. Third, and worst of them all, when I checked I was only allowed valet parking so I gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece. Well, the next morning when I asked for my car to be retrieved, there was a big dent in the driver's door of my 2010 Mustang! I was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that. In the end I had to get my door repaired on my own! The only thing I liked there was the food and it wasn't even all that. I was so disappointed and so I'm warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation.
I booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed. The room looked nice, but I found that there weren't any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional. I came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon. I asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming. I would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport, especially since the website advertises the close distance. Instead, I had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic. All in all, not the best experience at all.
I had high hopes for the Ambassador East Hotel, I really did. It seemed like a nice enough place with reasonably close beach access. I arrived to the hotel on a Tuesday afternoon. I was immediately surprised by the state of disrepair that the building was in. I could actually see two members of hotel maintenance in the parking lot sitting in their truck, doing nothing. As I walked in, nobody greeted me, and nobody offered to take my bags. The hotel furniture looked quaint and outdated, with a fine covering of dust. I went to the counter to check in and the disinterested girl working barely glanced at my papers and slid me my keys, all while avoiding eye contact and typing on the computer. I got to my room, and despite specifically asking for nonsmoking, there was a distinct smell of cigarettes inside and in the hallway. Having paid extra for an upgraded room, I was extremely disappointed by the condition inside. The drinking glasses were filthy, the towels smelled of mold, and there was actually trash that was left in the bathroom trash can. The television was a basic CRT that looked to be about fifteen years old, and there was no channel guide, though I suppose I didn't need one for the six channels that it had. I had heard good things about the food at the Ambassador East hotel, but alas, there was no respite here. The room service that I ordered took forty minutes to arrive, and my steak was cold and cooked beyond well done. Elsewhere in the hotel things were no better. Everywhere I went, from the pool to the bar, the staff was hasty, rude, and completely uninterested, and nowhere was particularly clean or well decorated. I really wanted to like the Ambassador East Hotel, but unfortunately the best part of my stay was checking out.
I recently stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for two night, and my visit was nothing short of disappointing. Expecting to have a wonderfully romantic weekend with my fiance, we specifically chose this hotel because we prefer boutique hotels for the extra attention from the staff and unique atmosphere. Our expectations for the Ambassador were not met. The room was small and, frankly, outdated. The bathroom smelled musty. The A/C in the room had two settings: polar cold or off. The walls did nothing to muffle sound from adjacent rooms, and it was loud at night - a good night's sleep was impossible. Staff were indifferent. Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel. Frankly, it's not worth the steep price and mediocre character. Since there are far better and more accommodating boutique hotels in Chicago, I know I won't be back at this place.
This hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat. The first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket. This place looks alright in the lobby, but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in Chicago, this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night. Clearly the Ambassador East Hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession. Not to mention that it is at least 30-40 minutes from the airport in traffic. Chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached, particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call.
My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel last month for my son's wedding. When we got there nobody helped us with our bags and they took forever to Valet our car. After waiting 15 minutes to get my car parked he expected a tip, which I found rude. After finally getting to our room I noticed crumbs on the floor and a dirty bathroom. I was extremely disappointed with the room and the service. I will not recommend this place to anyone.
My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at the Ambassador East Hotel. We will never stay at this hotel again. For the steep price we paid to stay there, we expected a friendly staff and clean room, which we did not get. First of all, the rooms are not clean. We found a few bugs in our room and the sheets did not look like they have been recently changed. When we reported this information to the hotel staff, they did not do anything to help us out. The staff is very unfriendly. Also, there were no clean towels to use in the bathroom.
My wife and I stayed at the Abassador East Hotel in August to attend the Air and Water Show in Chicago. I called ahead to ensure a SW view that would allow us to watch the airshow from our room if the weather did not permit us to watch from one of the nearby beaches. Upon arrival at the hotel, not only was our room on the west side of the hotel it wasn't even a single king as was requested. Apparently the hotel had overbooked king rooms for the event weekend and we were downgraded to a queen room. The room itself was small and underwhelming. The was not dirty, but the linens and furnishings all had a very old and worn feel. The hotel was packed the weekend we visited. The staff was obviously not prepared to cater to such a large crowd. The concierge and reception desks were continuously busy. The hotel restaurant was very slow and had long waits. The main lobby and other common areas throughout the hotel were also undergoing renovations making getting around and fighting crowds of other people even more difficult! Luckly the weather was nice and the airshow was enjoyable. We will not be staying at the Abassador on future trips. Hopefully, current renovations will provide a much needed lift to the hotels current worn down vibe...
when we arrived the check in process was fairly quick, however the staff seemed in a bad mood all around. they seemed as if we were taking up their time. when we got to the room we tried to use our personal computer to look for attractions, and after having to pay $10 a day for wifi it was a total waste of money the speed of the internet was extremely slow. the free workout area was also not up to our expectations but since it was free we didnt complain. overall we would never stay at this hotel again and we do not recommend it.
The Ambassador Hotel is located in Downtown Chicago right off Lakeshore Drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown. I would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown. The rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay, when in fact, we had a pretty unpleasant experience. It started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in. I have no problem with this, except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him. After checking in, we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed. The pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms, they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way. The beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows, they took over an hour to arrive. I will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future.
The Ambassador East Hotel is a pretty girl with a bad heart. As i was staying for a few nights I notied may problems with the service of this expensive,cold hotel.First the room sevice was poorly helpful, the bag boy insisted on a tip, and also droped my bag. The chefs cooking was terriable,the steak that I spent 35 dollars on was suppost to be rare, but came to me burnt. The room was not what you pay for, the beds were like a sack of rocks. And to top it off the covers smelled like smoke. I will never give the Ambassador East Hotel another chance.
I will never use Ambassador East Hotel again. The first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting. The exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair. The customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room. In this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room. I felt rushed out at check out and didn't have an enjoyable experience at all.
Stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful. The staff were relatively friendly, but that's where the positive aspects stop. Bed was rock hard and VERY uncomfortable. Thermostat didn't work properly and the air conditioner was always 5 degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted. Even though I think $10 for 1 day of internet is RIDICULOUS, I bought it because I needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails. It was UNGODLY slow and barely better than dialup. I ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so I could actually get something done. Minibar was overpriced, as expected. Awful experience, definitely wouldn't stay here again.
My experience at the Ambassador East Hotel was truly terrible. I went to Chicago with my husband and children to attend a wedding. This hotel was recommended by the wedding party. It was a terrible choice. Despite the special discount we got because of the wedding, the hotel turned out to be very expensive compared to other nearby hotels. The staff and amenities were also very unfriendly to children. My kids were absolutely terrified of several members of the staff who scowled at them and yelled at them for no reason. The place was also very formal and stiff and decorated with a lot of breakable and expensive items. My son narrowly avoided breaking a vase when an ill tempered bellhop nearly ran him down with a luggage cart. Overall, I would say I was very displeased with the staff, the hotel's attitude towards children, and the expense of the hotel. On the plus side, our window had an excellent view of the city. Still, I would not return here again.
We originally made reservations for a weekend getaway but after looking at their website, read about their "romantic weekend getaway." Having never been in the area before or stayed at an Ambassador Hotel we really didn't know what to expect, but the pictures online made it look more inviting than it turned out to be. Upon arriving, the parking valet was on break and we ended up having to park our own car, unless we felt like leaving it in the line of traffic. It only went downhill from there. The bed sheets had footprints on them and the bathroom had an odor that we couldn't figure out what it was. We ended up getting a different room, which was very mediocre. Needless to say, we won't be staying here again.
The Hard Rock should stick to restaurants. After a recent stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago I think they should go back to what there good at. Besides having to wait an hour for my room to be ready (this is after my check in time), the receptionist was very rude and seemed to not care that I was being delayed. After seeing the state the room was in I still do not understand what took so long. The sheets look to have been picked up off the floor and returned to the bed. The bathroom looked as if somebody had just used it (I will leave out the details). Complaining didn't seem to get me anywhere, they offered me a small discount at the hotel's bar. After this experience I will be more likely to book at a Motel 6 then return to the Hard Rock.
The name "Hard Rock" might trigger images of hip rockers but you will be sorely disappointed by staying here. The website alludes to musicians and parties but if you're looking to hob nob with the rich and famous the Hard Rock falls short. The hotel puts on a kitchy show by the decorations in the lobby and around the property but there is nothing exciting about this. The service is mediocre and the rooms aren't clean. I stayed at this hotel last year for a long weekend in Chicago and was very much looking forward to some fun, exciting romance. I should have picked somewhere else. Save your money.
Hi, I had very bad experience with this hotel, as the rooms had bad smell and very dim light. the bed sheets were not properly cleaned. Also the carpet was dirty though AC was working properly. But i would nor recommend this hotel to my friends as it did not satisfied me. There was a problem with hot and cold water in the bathroom. Please do not go to this hotel, it seems very nice from the pictures and all but in actual its different.
This was my first time staying at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago and I have nothing but hate for the entire experience. The building itself is maintained, however the staff is rude and inept to the point of making their customers feel physically ill. And while the outside appearance is fine and dandy, my room 325, was repulsive. As soon as the bellboy threw my luggage onto the room's ground and verbally demanded a tip, I noticed insects of all kinds scurrying around, the room was pungent with what smelled like human excrement, before I could say anything to the bellboy he had taken his tip and fled. Immediately I went to the front desk and was made to wait for over a half hour, a complete waste of time, because as soon as I had reported my problem I was told that no other rooms were available and I would have to make do, they did however say I could stay the night free of charge. The next morning as I was set to leave I decided I would try the breakfast, in hopes of finding one redeeming quality. Let me tell you, that breakfast tasted like space food with dirt and mold, the worst breakfast I have ever had in my entire life. Overall the employees are arrogant and callous, with the work ethic of a 2 year old child, they cannot cook, the room for me was poorly maintained, however they are good at refunding your money.
I stayed at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience. I feel that it didn't live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best. I had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy's work resembled that of an amateur. My personal rating is 2/5 stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend.
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, Il. From the start, the experience was bad. The room was filthy, there were no towels, and the front desk did nothing to rectify the situation. I will never stay there again. I could not have been more dissatisfied.
For 250 dollars, cheapest room available at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, you would assume you would have access to wifi. Yet, that was not the case. I was told I "could have had" internet if I had booked through the site, which I didnt. The lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general.
What was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in Chicago turned into a complete disaster. The first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of 6 was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in...they knew we had 6! We ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel. When we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on 3 different floors despite our request for rooms near each other. After some finagling they were finally able to get us in 3 rooms on the same floor, unfortunately one of the rooms hadn't even been cleaned which meant more waiting around. The staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating. On our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at 5:30am. Despite my calls to the front desk, the sound seemed to continue for about 45 minutes. We also didn't know the hotel was sooo pet friendly. One morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door. I understand they allow pets, but really...people need to clean up after their animals...or have some dog free floors. While Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms, their service was terrible, the staff was rude, and I still can't get over that dog poo in the hallway. I definitely won't be staying here again.
The hard rock hotel Chicago is not as good as they try to portray, First ill start off by saying there website is confusing and hard to navigate through. They also have rude customer service, that dont seem happy to answer your questions. There prices are so outrageously expensive for what they offer, its just ridiculous. Hard rock hotel has a good rep behind there name, but Hard rock hotel Chicago should not be included in that.
My husband and I stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago a few months back. I wasn't particularly impressed with their customer service. When we arrived to check in, the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly. She was short with me when I asked her about the city's attractions and things to do. Our room wasn't all that great either. It was rather small and had a weird smell to it. I won't be staying here again.
I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently for a convention I was attending. This was my first trip to Chicago and I had no idea what to expect and this hotel came recommended by a colleague so I had high expectations. Check-in took a bit longer than I would have liked as they were experiencing computer problems and the staff at the front desk had to call their main reservation line to confirm reservations. Once I did get into my room, there was a strong cigarette odor in spite of the fact that it was a non-smoking room. I went down to the front desk and requested a room change. Given their computer problems, that took almost an hour and the staff was quite surly and didn't have the "positive attitude in spite of any difficulty" I'd expect from such a high profile establishment. The new room was not a suite as I had originally booked but it was significantly fresher smelling. When I hooked up my laptop, I was dismayed to discover that there was no wi-fi service. I had made my reservation online to take advantage of their free wi-fi for online ressies, but as part of their computer problems, the wi-fi service was down. Fortunately, there was a Starbucks up the street with available wi-fi. Granted, I couldn't lounge at the Starbucks in my jammies like I could in my hotel room, but connectivity for work is necessary so we make sacrifices. I was determined not to let computer problems color my opinion of the hotel as it's not something that is necessarily under the control of local management. However, the hair in the bathroom sink and the wet washcloth that was on the floor behind the toilet are definitely under the control of local management. A quick call to housekeeping got a promise to give the room a once over while I was down the street at Starbucks. They did as promised and when I arrived back at the room there were no stray bits of previous customer's DNA and the dust bunny population had been eradicated. Once I had a chance to relax in the room, there were a few minor details that stood out. The carpet was starting to get worn in places, the edges on some of the furniture was dinged, and my personal pet peeve... the inside of the drawers were rough, unfinished wood which I dislike as the little splinters can cause runs in my clothes. I would have expected higher quality furniture for such a hotel. But, all things considered, my stay was tolerable. Water pressure was good and it was quiet enough at night to get decent sleep. The wi-fi was still down in the morning so I checked out early and spent my time enjoying a latte and free wi-fi at Starbucks.
Hard Rock Hotel boats that they have the best of the high scale accommodations for your business or pleasure stays. What they fail to disclose is just how expensive your stay will be. The service tends to be heavily influenced by the wealth of the patrons, service is more redily available and friendly the more you make.The rooms are furnished with attractive but old furnishings. The laundry service leaves more to be desired. The sheets have a gray tint to them and the rooms smell of tobacco. I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and was disappointed with not only the service but the cleanliness of the room from the bathroom to the bedding.Your stay at any hotel should be memorable and restful-after all isnt that what we pay for?
I have visited Chicago with my family several times and have never had such a HORRIBLE hotel experience! The staff was rude and unhelpful, and they overcharged my card by more than $300! I had to spend the whole morning on the phone trying to get them to finally fix their mistake. The hotel itself didn't live up to our expectations either...the inside was dingy and needed cleaning, and our room looked like a bunch of chain smokers had just thrown a crazy party in the room. There were cigarette burns on the sheets, stains on the floor, and there was a hole in the wall where it looked like someone had punched it! We requested another room, which was only marginally better in terms of cleanliness, only to be kept up all night from the noise of our neighbors yelling and hanging out in the hallway. There are plenty of other places to stay in Chicago. AVOID Hard Rock at all costs!
I would not reccomend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep. I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for two nights this past July. I had a select king city view room. The room was dark, with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view. I was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow. The hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long, so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there. When I called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did. I ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door. They quieted down for about an hour, but then were loud again for the rest of the night. The hotel was expensive, and for the price there weren't very many special amenities. There was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at $10 a day. Overall I would not recommend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago, as it is way overpriced for what you get.
I booked my weekend Chicago stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago because of the location as well as some good reviews I found online. However, my experience at the Hard Rock Hotel fell short of my expectations. When I arrived, well over an hour of check in time, I was told that my room was not yet ready and I was left awkwardly waiting around for another half an hour as I did not want to leave the hotel again before settling in. The hotel staff I interacted with seemed generally uninterested in their jobs, and while I do appreciate that this is a hip hotel popular with a younger crowd, there was an excessive amount of noise on the floor I was staying on throughout the night until about half past four in the morning when it quieted down (after two calls to the front desk to make complaints about this issue). As I am a fairly light sleeper, I woke up several times throughout the night. I would recommend bringing earplugs if you're also a light sleeper but would like to get in some decent sleep. Overall the hotel looked very nice, but I just felt that my experience was not worth the amount I paid for my room.
While the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience, they fail to deliver. Unless of course, a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door. If you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed. The "A" list celebrities will not be there. In fact, it would be rare to find anyone on the "B" list either. The party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert. The party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar. The walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played. As for the promise of Art Deco, it must have changed in definition. Your room will truly look like a concert has just been held. The carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer. The bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description. Quality service and amenities were severely lacking. Guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain. Do not bother complaining about the noise next door either. It is part of you unique experience. The only part of the Hard Rock Hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in Chicago. It was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip.
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago during Labor day weekend, huge mistake! When I got to my room everything seemed okay,Until I went into the bathroom. There was a steady drip noise coming from the bathroom sink and no matter how hard I turned the knob, it would not stop. There was none of the usual bath soap nor was it stocked with any toilet paper. It also seems that housekeeping just swept everything behind the toilet as I saw a wad of hair, and scraps of tissue behind the bowl. I called the front desk and ask them to send someone up to stock the bathroom and clean it. While I was waiting I turned on the air conditioning because it was kind of warm in there.... the a.c. started blowing out hot, musky air and had the room smelling horrible. I made another phone call to front desk and complained and asked them to switch my room. They told me all they had available was a double bed and it was near an elevator. I was so frustrated between the odor and the steady drip I was hearing I had no choice but to take it. When I moved to the new room, there was now a large damp spot near the window which smelled very strongly of beer and the light in my bathroom would not turn on. Front desk once again sent someone to my room to fix the problems and finally 2 hours later, I was able to relax and settle in. Hard Rock is definitely not what it used to be and for that reason, I will not be staying there again.
I was really excited when we booked a night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. It was actually beyond our budget, but my husband and I needed a weekend away, so I decided to splurge for the occasion. WORST WASTE OF MY MONEY EVER!!! Our room was smaller than pictured online, and it looked like the maid didn't vacuum the carpet! We visited the hotel restaurant, Angels and Kings, one night for dinner and the drinks were overpriced and my husband's steak was cooked wrong (he ordered medium, but received a well-done steak). By the end of our trip we were so glad to leave, but they were under-staffed and the Sunday morning checkout line was so long that we waited in line for 30 minutes until we could check out. Chicago was a fun city, but next time we return I'll be choosing a different hotel - and I suggest you do too!!
A few weeks ago we stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The hotel was a bust from the get go. As we arrived in the lobby, we had to wait several minutes for the front desk clerk to show up. (We could hear her talking in the back for 5 minutes.) When she got to the desk she was very short with us and not very helpful. We had to wander around the halls looking for our room. Once we got to our room, we thought the weekend was going to get better. The rooms are modern and nicely designed. That was about all that this hotel had going for it though. As soon as we started to explore the room more, it was clear this room had been a haven for a party a few nights before. The bathroom smelled of vomit and the bath tub had small shards or glass from broken bottles in it. We called a worker and they cleaned most of it up, but the thought of it still remained. As we all settled down to sleep, there were a few loud noises coming from the room next door. After about an hour, we finally made a call to the front desk to complain. The woman said that a rock band was in that room and they had just finished a show in Chicago. They were staying there the next 2 nights. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone! It's a hard rock hotel all right. (At least that's what the beds feel like!)
Hotel is placed in downtown Chicago what makes it really loud, it is hard to sleep during the night because all the "city"noises coming from the outside. The rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures. I stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband, and we supposed to get room with king size bad, but instead we got, two single beds. The stuff isn't really very nice either, they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you.
My recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago was miserable. My visit began on the wrong foot when they couldn't locate my reservation. I had my reservation code and the email confirmation but they insisted they couldn't find me "in the system". We finally agreed to scrap that reservation and start over. That process was lengthy as they were training a new girl on how to take reservations. The room that I had originally reserved (King) was not available and I had to wait 45 minutes for them to clean a Double room. I was so tired from the traveling and the hassle at the front desk that I decided to stay in and order room service. It took an hour and a half for my food to arrive. When finally delivered, it was cold and not exactly how I had ordered it. So now I am cranky, tired and starving! I ate what I could from the mini bar (poor selection of items) and went to bed. The room was spacious but had a stale smell to it, as if someone had smoked in it. The next morning I complained and wanted to change rooms. The woman at the front desk couldn't be bothered with me and didn't try to make things right in any way. I decided to check out and go to another hotel for the remainder of my stay in Chicago. I will never waste my time or money at The Talbott again.
The Talbott is definitely not worth the price you pay. I was really looking forward to staying here since it was recently renovated & was in a good location. Unfortunately, it just didn't live up to the hype. "Recently renovated" apparently means it was redone in the last decade, not the last year. It was just very tired-looking. Also very disappointing was the food, and the service was hit or miss. I expected better from a hotel of this caliber. Bottom line, there are better places with better value. Stay elsewhere.
We chose the Talbott Hotel primarily for the location, but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it. Although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities, we found both severely lacking. We had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary. We asked for, and were promised, a king room. However, when we checked in, we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available. We could either take a double queen room, or pay significantly more for a suite. We took the key for our double queen room and were on our way. Upon arriving on our floor, we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway, squealing and playing. It turns out that this hotel offers American Girl visits for the nearby store. It turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a Girl Scout troop on an American Girl trip! We went back downstairs to request a move to another room, and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available. We explained that we were here for our anniversary, and the ambiance wasn't exactly what we were looking for. The clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she couldn't help us - they didn't have anything else. Sorry. Back upstairs we went. Tired from travel, we decided to order from room service for dinner. Our pasta, when it arrived, was barely warm and mediocre in flavor. We ate it anyway and prepared for bed. After using the bathroom, we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing. After jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank, we couldn't get the water to stop running. It took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem. The next morning, after showering, I discovered the hair dryer didn't work properly. After pulling my wet hair back in a clip, we went out for the day. Upon our return, we expected to find our room made up and fresh. It hadn't been touched. We called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it, but by the time we'd left for dinner, nobody had arrived. Our room wasn't made up that day. That night, the Girl Scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after 1am. We asked them several times to be quiet, but they didn't want to listen, and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen. We called down to the desk, and they told us "they would take care of it", but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway. Nobody came to shoo them away. The next morning, I turned on the hairdryer, expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before. It didn't! Stuck wearing my clip again, we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip. This hotel had potential, but the staff doesn't care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers.
I recently stayed in a room at the trendy Talbott Hotel. It looked nice on the outside so I decided to them a whirl. As soon as I walked in I noticed that there weren't alot of hotel employees. Usually, the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand. I was tired and I needed a nice room so as I approached the front desk I noticed something odd. Food was sitting out right in front of the front desk. People were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush. Crumbs everywhere especially where I was suppose to exchange cash and room keys. Let's just say it wasn't professional. The room was average and the bathroom didn't carry the kinds of brands I would have liked to see. No Wi-Fi connection and I had to walk down the hall for ice. Talk about lack of customer service. All in all, the stay was sub-par and nothing special.
The staff at the Talbott hotel was completely unresponsive when I told them there were a bunch of drunken teenagers playing ding, dong, ditch. The sheets smelled funny when I arrived and were only changed 6 times during my two-week stay. The room service was very slow and the cleaning crew did not replace my soap, but I did notice the contents of the mini-bar diminished every time the maid service had been in my room.
The Talbott Hotel is a place to stay where the staff treat you like you are not welcome. If you do not pay higher prices you are snubbed and the rooms are no classier or fancier than a standard motel. The room service takes over an hour and there is constant traffic and construction outside. The cost is far more than the luxury. The best thing about staying at this hotel are the bathroom towels.
For a hotel that touts its luxury location in Chicago the Talbot is very poor (think Motel 6 at a Hilton price). Carpet is threadbare and the walls are paper thin. They are so worried about the mini-bar they constantly do these random room checks, so privacy and sleeping in are unheard of. For the prices they charge ($350.average price for two people). It seems like the money spent on remodeling the exquisite lobby, which was happening while I stayed, could have been better spent on better insulation and more up-to-date furnishings for the guest rooms. But I guess the Talbot is more concerned with first impressions than they are returning guests, which I won't be.
My daughter's broken heart My daughter loves American Girl and for her birthday wanted to go to American Girl Doll in Chicago. For six months my eight year old counted day the day until we left for Chicago when she could have the experience of a lifetime. We arrived at the Talbot Hotel where we had reserved the American Doll Girl package only to find out that they had given our room away and that they were going to move us across town. If that wasn't bad enough we had to spend an hour to find out if the American Girl carriage ride had been canceled or if we should book another one. My daughter sulked for most of the trip as we spent more time going from thing to thing instead of being able to walk. My daughter cried herself to sleep the first night and I could tell that her heart was broken.
I booked my reservations at The Talbott Hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service. What I actually got was far less than that. When I first arrived to check in, the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored. It took her over 5 minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system! And I won't go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set! When I finally got to my room, the first thing I noticed was that it smelled stale. The air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room, without any fresh air, for years. I soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak, as well, and every time you flushed the toilet, water would trickle out from the base onto the floor. Talk about concerning. I reported this to the desk, and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it. No one showed up until the next day, and very early in the morning, I might add. Later, I called room service and asked for a bottle of wine. It took them half an hour to deliver it to my room! And it wasn't even chilled by the time it showed up, either; it was lukewarm. Overall, my experience here was not very pleasant, and I don't recommend booking with this hotel.
For all the hype and rave reviews of the Talbott Hotel, it seemed to me that it would be a mistake to NOT stay there, not the other way around. The Talbott Hotel website claims to have "opulent accommodations, impeccable service, and unexpected delights." The last time I checked, "opulent" had a bit of a different meaning than "easily outdone by the senile 90-year-old landlord of your college apartment," "impeccable" wasn't code for "rude and unfriendly," and "unexpected delights" were more fun than a faint but obvious stain on your sheets at a hotel. Overall, my stay here simply wasn't worth the money or the hassle involved in making the correct reservations. For a lot less,I could have been treated rudely and had a mediocre stay in a more casual environment.
WARNING! My stay at the Talbott Hotel will go down in history as one of my worst experiences staying in hotels. I was excited for a weekend getaway with a few friends. After receiving a few positive recommendations and looking at their website we decided to stay at the Talbott. They were promoting up to $30 breakfast credit per day. And breakfast is my favorite meal so this was already looking like a great time. Upon our arrival we were greeted by an employee (which we wouldn't have known had he not told us) that was not only rude but made sexual advances at one of the ladies on our group. Once we talked with a manager about the incident outside he assured us that he would take care of the issue and even upgraded us to King suites instead of the double size rooms we originally reserved. If someone had blindfolded me and took me into one of these rooms I would have sworn we were at Motel 6, not a luxury hotel in Chicago. The linens were stained, room smelled of smoke and had another odor that was similar to old cat pee. I was truly disgusted. After a night out on the town we came back to our disgusting rooms to get some sleep. The next morning I was excited for our breakfast that was highly recommended by the hotel and other guests. I have to say it was one of the worst breakfasts I have ever eaten. The toast was stale, eggs were made from powder instead of real eggs, and the juice they served was sour. I would never recommend this as a place to stay. I would suggest the Red Roof Inn over this place anytime.
I had heard good things regarding the plush accomidations at The Talbott Hotel in Chicago. I thought it would be a special treat to take my 13 year old daughter to spend a weekend with mom, shopping and enjoying a bit of Chicago's exciting night life. I found The Talbott Hotel's website and decided The American Girl Package they offer was what I was looking for. The price sounded reasonable, so I booked a room. The two of us were so very excited to spend some time together. We arrived at the hotel to check-in at 5:00 on that Friday afternoon. After making us wait for 15 minutes while trying to find my reservation they informed me the room wouldn't be available for another hour. They blamed this on shortage of maids that day. They did manage to find us a table in one of their cafe's but this wasn't a good start to our special weekend. When we were finally allowed to go to our room we found that the doll-sized travel bed that is included in the package wasn't in the room. This disappointed my daughter, she was looking forward to that. While they did find a bed and bring it to us it just wasn't the surprise we had imagined. The rest of the weekend went by fairly smoothly. We managed to have a good time together even though the service wasn't quite what is claimed on the website. Would I go to the Talbott Hotel again? Probably not.
Terrible time at The Talbott. When I planned my vacation to Chicago I called ahead and made reservations to stay here. When I went to check in I was told I didn't have a reservation, knowing my credit card was charged I argued with the guy who was working. Finally the only option he gave me was to speak with someone else. Thankfully they knew how to use the computer. I go up to my room and there was a terrible smell of beer and feet. I could not believe it when I complained, I was told to spray some air freshener. I had to go visit family. When I got back my room key did not work. Once again there I was complaining to the helpless employee. He told me the magnetic strip must of came in contact with a magnet. I could not believe the mentality of this guy. I had one more night reserved, I could not take it anymore and I went and spent the rest of my vacation at my Aunts house. I would not recommend The Talbott to anyone.
I was going on a 3 day personal trip to Chicago, and I decided to indulge myself a bit this time around. I chose to stay at the Talbot, an upscale hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. To start off, I was NOT pleased. For the hundreds I pay a day, I expected an impeccable hotel. First, the check-in process was bad as somehow it took them nearly 15 minutes to find a reservation I had placed nearly A MONTH in advance. Some customer service they claim. Next, when I went to my room, I found that room service had not cleaned it at all. I was forced to wait as they called up a maid to entirely reclean the room as it was strewn with used towels and such. In summary: yes, it was a fancy hotel, yes it had nice accommodations, but the service I experienced there was simply not up to par with a hotel of that price.
After a recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago, I left the city with an empty pocket book. I had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific, i didn't realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus. I could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu. When did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money? I basically felt overcharged for the so called 'extras' included in the package i purchased. One other thing, the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler.
My husband and I were planning our 1st year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in Chicago where we had first met. After spending several minutes frustratingly navigating The Talbott Hotel's website, I FINALLY was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend. After a long flight into Chicago, we were so ready to check in, shower, and lay down in our hotel room. However, once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation. I provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied. She begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting. We then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door. I'm severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel.
I recently stayed at The Talbott Hotel for 3 nights and I could not have been more disappointed. It was a terrible experience. Long wait to check into room since room wasn't ready even though I arrived way after the check in time. Front desk was very rude. Was given a smoking room when I had requested non-smoking. Room service left a lot to be desired. The food took forever to arrive and when it did it was cold and unappetizing. The staff at the hotel was not very helpful and was very unfriendly. Had no toilet paper in room. Room was very noisy. Could hear people next door opening doors, watching tv, talking. The room was very dingy, small and had a musty odor. Needless to say I will not be staying here again nor will I be recommending this hotel to anyone else. Stay away from this hotel. Not worth the money.
I'd expect a "luxury" hotel to pay more attention to details. The room really hadn't been thoroughly cleaned-- I found hairballs under the bed, the mirrors were streaked, etc. The desk staff took forever to even acknowledge me when I was checking in; three of them, two on the phone, and nobody even made eye contact for 5 minutes. Then, they gave the vaguest answers to some pretty basic questions about the neighborhood; you'd think they'd know where to find a Starbucks. The internet was ridiculously slow the whole two days I was there.
I selected The Talbott for my recent family vacation to Chicago. We chose the hotel for it's close proximity to Navy Pier and otherwise central location. In retrospect, the phrase "location, location, location" apparently does not apply to hotels. It's a good thing the location was so great, because just about everything that happened inside the hotel was bad. Upon our arrival, our room was not ready. The clerk could have been nicer about the whole situation, and told us simply that "we would have to wait" without offering any sort of help with our luggage or a timetable for when our room would be ready. When we finally arrived in the room, the sheets were not clean. A call to housekeeping proved difficult, as I do not speak Spanish. The second day of our trip, housekeeping never showed to clean the room despite the presence of our "please service" sign hung on the door. We stayed in for some room service after a long afternoon on Michigan Ave. When the food finally arrived a full hour after placing our order, it was cold and not very good. Despite these poor impressions, the management was unwilling to compromise on price at checkout. My call to corporate headquarters was answered by a call center in Mumbai. They will not receive my business again.
The Talbott Hotel claims to be Chicago's Premiere Small Luxury Hotel. After staying there and experiencing the service, environment, and the hotel in general, I can say with confidence that this just isn't true. I arrived with rather high expectations due to the claims made by the hotel and some of the reviews posted on their website and I was immediately disappointed. No one came to my car to collect my bags and I was forced to lug them inside myself. The doorman was polite but failed to even open the door for me, leaving me to fend for myself while trying to carry my bags. Once inside, the atmosphere was not what I expected. The lighting was poor, leaving the lobby dark and it looked like a dingy setting with a glossy veneer in an attempt to hide the degenerate state of the building. The carpet looked dirty, as if it hadn't been vacuumed or washed in quite some time, and up in the corners where the walls met the ceilings there was visible water damage. When I arrived at the front desk, I was forced to wait over five minutes until someone came out to help me. After checking in I went up to my room and was once again disappointed. The bed was very uncomfortable and I ran the shower for ten minutes without ever receiving any hot water. That night I ordered room service. The food took 45 minutes to get to my room, and when it finally arrived it was cold. The fitness center had a very small selection of machines which caused long lines while waiting to use them. I would certainly not recommend this hotel to any of my friends, and probably not to my enemies either. Stay away!
