We stayed 2 nights over spring break in what was called a Jr Suite but resembled a wide hallway with a window at one end. Bad cheap furniture, carpet that stops short of reaching the wall, a TV that sticks out into the middle of the room and a window that whistled when the wind blew. BAD BAD experience. Find aother hotel plenty in the area.
Stayed at the Fitzpatrick as a result of all of the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor and to avoid the normal corporate hotel. Good location but the room was dirty, and not just from the last housekeeping. It was dingy: a place where you needed the slippers they provided. And this was a suite. Also, the refrigerator was caked with ice and didn't work. Furthermore, because my travel agent had mixed up the dates I was to travel, I showed up a day late. The hotel said it wasn't a problem and that I wouldn't be charged for the no-show the night before. I had my travel desk verify this with the hotel management the same day. Then the Fitzpatrick charged me for both nights and refused to reverse the charges after many attempts to resolve. Neither I nor my corporate travel desk will use the Fitzpatrick again. Two dots only because it's in a good location and because the lobby was clean. I'm generally easy to please and slow to complain but this was bad.
We booked this hotel as a last minute vacation planned on doing a little shopping and nightlife downtown. We where woken up at 6:00 in the morning with our bathroom flooded, this water was brown and all the clothing and our belongings left in the bathroom were dirty and sopping wet. We where moved to another room, but it was smaller then the orginal room we had gotten and paid for. The next day the housekeeping service never even came to change our sheets, coffee or towels, which is just horrible service. The service along with the orginal room where perfect, but we do not plan on ever spending another weekend in that flooding hotel.
This hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed, nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities. The "fitness center" is an oversized closet! We were appalled during our stay! Truly anticipated "warm, Irish hospitality" and short of a barman, no one was Irish, warm or hospitable! Manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request. Her manager (?) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us. Room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at 7:30am it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate. To call this a Red Roof Inn would be an insult to RRI! The manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all. The only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off.
The hotel itself was beautiful and wonderful staff but the bottom line for me was that it was impossible to sleep through the night because the noise of the ambulance sirens continued throughout the night. For THREE consecutive nights. There was simply inadequate soundproofing - even 14 floors above the street (OK - 13 floors as there is no 13th floor). I hesitate to write this review but I rely on Trip Advisor reviews when traveling, and had I been warned about the ambulance sirens, I would have chosen to stay elsewhere. If you are a sound sleeper and noise is not an issue then it is a lovely hotel and excellent value. Conveniently located. Wonderful staff. But quiet is a key priority for me so I would not stay here again. :(
I'd been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
I stayed @ Affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from NW suburbs to Women's hospital oir my surgery. Few things I really didn't enjoy - I could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors.No noise insulation at all! Very dusty between window frames(I understand - cars,pollution) but it looked like it wasn't cleaned for a very long time.One more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side. I was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time...We didn't notice the problem until very-very late.The Affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of Chicago as well as Northwestern Hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! Strange but every hotel I stayed @ was supplied with the SEALED roll of toilet paper.Affinia didn't even offer that.Looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady! Neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully,no more surgeries for me...Won't stay @ this place for leisure - even with discount!
Having stayed at the excellent Affinia chain in NY, I had very high expectations. When I saw the Trip Advisor rating, I immediately booked. What a huge disappointment: -- The quality Simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap, foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for $4. You cannot sleep on these -- The windows are so thin, you can hear the buzzing from walk/don't walk sign on Superior below. -- The walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked, I was awaken around midnight, my room engulfed in smoke odor. A call downstairs yielded no results -- There are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood; the desk chair was full of loose threads -- The water flow is very weak, but the towels are nice -- There are unpainted floorboards, the kind you find in Day's Inn -- They charge for internet service The tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like. The sign outside is also a banner. Having stayed all over the U.S., you are better off at Red Roof -- this is really an embarassment for the Affinia chain. Wait until they complete the renovations in 2008. I did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand. Good heart, but the problems are not fixable.
I've been here for 4 days. Great location right off of miracle mile, near all major hotels, best shopping and theatres. Rooms very large. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, and respond immediately. Problems: there frequently are homeless people (even during daylight) on Superior between St. Clair and Michigan Avenue (the main route you walk for or all activities, and just about everything is in walking distance from here). At night, the street on the north side of Superior is dark, and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors. The street people do not approach you, although they may stare as you go by. Usually 2 or more along the way, where they sleep on the window sills of Neiman Marcus. I would not think a woman would feel safe by herself. (I am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia.) There are homeless up and down Michigan Street, but this is different as it's a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street. The entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work, and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation. For now, expect two extremely small, warm, slow elevators with long waits serving 17 floors and warm, cramped hallways! All the walls throughout the hotel need painting, and the wallpaper is peeling in places. In the room, several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection, the carpets were stained, the bathrooms needed new grout (some mold visible), the TV is very small (16 Inch?) and the windows very, very dirty. You won't get your room serviced unless you ask for it, sometimes more than once. The "pub " downstairs is run down, dark and kind of creepy. Food and room service are very expensive, as is parking ($34/day public and $38/day valet). On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable, there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area, plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans St. Clair street toward the north and south. You can see a sliver of Lake Michigan. Pool small, but clean. All in all, it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room, but I think it is overpriced, and I would not stay here again.
Stayed at the Fitzpatrick before, about 4 years ago, it was ok. The management was great, staff was so kind, and rooms were clean. ** But this time I promised my self NEVER to go back!! The new staff was so rude!! I made a reservation for my Anniversary on the internet, and the day of check in I was told by the hotel staff that they do not have my reservation!** 1) I was transferred around back and forth from the hotel staff to the reservations hotline. 2) Staff was extremely rude! Not arrogant, but rude! Like they hated thier job. 3) They offered check in at 1pm but the room wasn't ready till 3pm! 4) There were stains everywhere! 5) Because of the high sales of rooms due to popularity on this site, they must have hired a cheap unfriendly staff.
I'd been searching for a cool, non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. I thought I'd found a winner in the Affinia... SOO disappointed!! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults, we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed. What?! I was floored, but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride, was too tired to make a fuss. We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night, so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple. I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order...and nothing happened. I didn't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs. Nothing special; entree, dessert and NAB for two still came out to $*...I am no hayseed, I'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago, but this just wasn't worth it. Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view...the bathroom was tiny, shower curtain was stained, funky toilet seat/lid, and the vanity featured that "rude awakening" lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms, i.e., "Holy crap, have I looked that bad this whole time?!" If you're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker, they charge for their chintzy coffees (I don't use these, but... come on). Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar, but weak drinks... That night, our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms. But the Marathon was that weekend; the hotel was so busy I didn't want to be a pest. I can't believe I was so impressed with this place online. Next time I'll happily pay more to stay someplace that's actually a treat.
I wrote an email to the sales & reservation team a week ago.........i'm still waiting for a response. All I wanted to do was book a suite for 2 nights but they failed to even reply with an offer. We have now booked another hotel who can be bothered to answer emails. Shame you missed out, coz we tip like rockerfellers!!
Apart from the location, great, but it stops there. Upon check-in, I was informed I would have a queen bed. I asked for a king size bed, and I was told there would be a charge for going up to a king. GIVE ME A BREAK, a surcharge for going from a queen to a king. When I got up to the room, it was like a oven. I could not get the air to work and needed to call twice before getting service. Everything in the room had a charge associated to it, even down to the coffee, $1.00. Now what's up with that? I was very disappointed in the size of the bathroom. Very small. I have stayed there twice and with so many other options, I feel this will be my last.
We were encouraged to stay at the Affinia as part of a group in town for a Chicago wedding. We booked our rooms 6 months in advance, with the promise of a brand-new, full service hotel in a great locaiton in Chicago. The lobby was non-existant (under construction). The front desk staff was incredibly rude and unhelpful. The hallways and elevators are small, cramped and uncomfortable. The rooms are great - great beds, great television set. NO ROOM SERVICE - the kitchen is under construction. The bottom line is that during our stay, this was NOT a full-service hotel and should not have charged what they did. We were totally disappointed, hope it will improve, but vow to never stay there and will recommend to anyone to check out one of Chicago's truly amazing hotels. It is not worth the risk with this unproven dress rehearsal.
me (taking a cue from david dancer): 'sup? front desk person: yes? me: so, do I have to wait in the elevator line to get up to my room? front desk person: what room are you in? me: **** front desk person: oh. ...i'm afraid so. OR, you can take the other elevators and take the fire stairs up to the 10th floor. me: oh? wtf! so, we're staying at this hotel, and there is a bar on the 29th floor, but we have to wait 15 minutes in line to get to our fucking hotel room? get bent! we're paying to stay here, not just drinking in your bar!
I only stayed at this hotel for one night, the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy. After the first long wait I started to time how long it took from the moment I pushed the button until the elevator arrived, never under 10 min. even late at night. I went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband... 1 margarita was $14! I wans't drinking because I'm pregnant so I had a soda water for $4... if I would have known I would have had tap water. Overall... great rooms, OK staff , horrible elevators, overpriced drinks.
I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June. I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy, etc. However, when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night's reservation, I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay. They have a "3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay" policy. Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy. This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave. I'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy. It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel!
My husband and I stayed overnight at the Affinia. Prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel; not true. Since it was a very special occasion, and also because we were only staying overnight, we didn't let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend. However, this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences. I've ever had. First, the smells: The linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy. The odors were not mild, and I found it pretty repulsive. I couldn't wait to jump out of bed in the morning, to get away from the odors. Hard to sleep and certainly didn't want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary. I didn't discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed. At that point, I chose not to contact housekeeping because (a) I was exhausted, and (b) I didn't want to upset my husband, who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing. Also, the bathroom smelled like vinegar. Perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by Affinia, but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did. Incidentally, the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days; not a well-maintained property. Second, the elevators: If you stay above the first few floors, there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar. With so many floors to service, and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday, these elevators took forever to come, and were often full they did. Annoying. Also, on one occasion, there were several bottles (water and soda) left in the elevator; clearly, the maintenance crew doesn't inspect and clean the common areas frequently. Finally, and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived. First, when we booked, we asked for as quiet a room as possible. The hotel is located near Northwestern Memorial Hospital. But, its proximity to Michigan Ave., and the lack of accomodations elsewhere (due to the Transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end), led us to stay here anyway. At check-in, the clerk noted our request, and said our room was quiet room since it was not "next to the elevators." When we arrived at our room, we discovered that we were across from the elevators. Obviously, she was technically correct that we weren't next to the elevators, but it was still so close (15-20 feet) that we could hear the elevator noise. Also, since it was a special occasion, we asked if we could upgrade. The disingenuous, snarky, condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade. Clearly, the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels, this is a matter of routine, not exception. Pretty awful experience all the way around. Other reviewers must have very low expectations. Can't explain any of the good reviews otherwise.
We connected to Affinia Chicago thorugh a city websight. The deal was fair for a downtown hotel on the main drag with an attractiion included. There was information out there that the hotel was being overhauled although we did not pay much attention to that. They are currently under major construction. They will be a little late of their projections in the finish date. I must say that the staff tried very hard to make our stay comfortable under very difficult circumstances. The room was complete and was good. It had a very nice bathroom. The main lobbie and all hotel amenities are totally unfinished drywall with no food, drink, or rest room opportunities. The construction guys did their best to limit activity and noise to after 9:00am. I think this will be a good one once they are done. As of the end of May, they have a way yet to go.
This hotel does not live up to the reviews. The room was larger than I expected. However, the decor was a bit dated. The bedding was ripped, carpet was stained, and the shower door was broken. There was a long wait to the elevators, and if you're on floors 2-6 you need to take a second elevator to get to the roof bar and gym. The main issue I had was the attitude I received from the staff. There was literally only ONE nice person at the front desk. There are no ice machines in this building, so you have to request it from the front desk. One day I requested it by going down to the desk and asking in person. 20 minutes later I made a follow up call because I did not receive my ice. I was nastily told that ice takes 10 minutes and I should just wait. I finally got the ice 10 minutes later. Two days later I requested ice again. Waited 30 minutes and just gave up. While I was leaving, I mentioned this to the woman at the front desk and she just said "I didn't get a call for ice." Well I obviously wasn't making it up, lady! I called and spoke with someone. She didn't even apologize or offer me anything. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. There are so many hotels in the Chicago area. Choose a different one.
I've used Priceline for every trip I've made back to Chicago and I've been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown. This was my first and last stay at the Ambassador East. Its conveniently located near the Clark/Division stop on the El's red line. That is the best part of our experience. When we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens. I've never had that issue at any other hotel I've stayed at. The room's decor was outdated and the TV was tiny. The hotel charges for usage of Internet. You could hear people in the hallway and when you're in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms. We weren't in Chicago to stay in the hotel however, for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely isn't the place. ...read more
The Ambassador East was a average hotel at best, and mediocre at worst. The bright spot is a very helpful and friendly staff. The doormen and the concierge were especially helpful and willing to do what they could for you. The room was lackluster, however. The bathroom was in especially bad shape. It was dirty when we arrived, with hair in the sink and shower. The shower was in really bad shape. The shower head adjustment did not work properly and water pressure was very low. The water temperature did not get warm during the first morning of our visit. The decor throughout the hotel (lobby, hallways and rooms) was very out-of-date and old-fashioned. I would have liked there to have been a vending machine in the hotel as well. The business center with free Internet access was a nice feature that was easy to use. The hotel's location was okay though it was a bit of a hike to the most popular tourist destinations. I would not stay at this hotel again based on its current conditions, but if it underwent some renovations to update the rooms and the bathrooms, I might be inclined to stay there again. ...read more
I have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood, cost and amenities. The hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open, you wouldn't know it. You need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock. The beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a "nicer historic hotel." I will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime. It was a very frustrating experience.
I was initially very excited to be staying at the Ambassador East hotel. The photos online appeared very classy and upscale and I thought staying there would be a pleasant experience. Upon arrival I was very disappointed - the main lobby was closed for construction making it somewhat difficult to get around. Our room was very dated - old furnishings and linens, damaged tile - it fell quite short for the high price we paid. It is an older building with very thin walls allowing you to clearly hear all other guests in surrounding rooms and also the lovely slam of doors of departing guests in the morning. Doorways are extremely narrow in hallways and room - gives a very claustrophobic feel to the hotel.
In my experience the Ambassador hotel didn't seem to be a 3 1/2 star establishment. The building and lobby were nice but the hotel room was extremely dated. The carpeting was very old and worn. The floor - carpeting and tile both seemed dirty which made me very uncomfortable. I would imagine that many years ago this was a very nice hotel. Currently, it's indespirate need of renovation.
We didn't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room. Saying that, we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking. Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won't have a car. Not a family frienly hotel. Dining tip: Long walk from hotel Gino's pizza is a must have!! Worth the walk. Many things in between hotel and Gino's to do so you can break up the walk.
The hotel was undergoing renovations so it was dirty and noisy. The entrance was really scary since it was covered with scaffolding, making it dark. They charge a lot for internet hook up, wifi is not included. The staff was very slow, I am assuming they were all new. They could not say where anything was or what attractions were nearby. The room was set up weird, the bathroom opened facing the bed, rather than the hall as most do. Room temp was hard to control, even though they had a digital thermostat. Overall I was very disappointed, had I been staying more than one night I would have switched hotels.
We booked through a travel website. This hotel is currently undergoing major renovation and will be renamed in September. The public areas are still being renovated but the hallways and rooms are done. The hallway was so dimly lit, we couldn't see how to use the key card. The shock came when we entered the room. Whoever designed it obviously did not take function or a guest's comfort into consideration. The bed was a mere 15 inches off the ground - a mattress (rock hard) over a platform. The "nigh stands" were shelves attached to the wall at around 12 inches height. The room was stark - all off-white, no color. No art work or any decoration at all. The full-length drapes completely blocked the air conditioning unit; if it were winter and the heat was on, I think this could be dangerous. There was a desk & chair but no clock/radio in the room; there was a wall mounted LCD tv with very poor channel selection. The bathroom was very small but clean. The problem with it was that the tub was almost 2 ft high and difficult to step in to. An older person could have never stayed in the room. Because of the renovation, there was no restaurant on-site. No vending or ice available on the floor either I can't see anyone ever becoming a repeat guest at this hotel. I would never stay there again.
I arrived here at about 8pm after a flight from California. I didn't know about the renovation when I made the reservations, but that didn't bother me very much. I was helped by a man at the front desk named Ben, who was friendly enough, but literally just handed me my room key and told me to have a nice stay. He gave me NO information about anything. I had no idea where breakfast was served, or even if there WAS breakfast. There was also an EXTREMELY unpleasant woman working behind the desk(she wasn't wearing a name tag but was African American, slim with short hair) who seemed to be actually radiating hostility. It made me very uncomfortable and needless to say, made me feel unwelcome. I actually felt like I was putting her out by staying in the hotel. I encountered her again the next morning when I had to go downstairs to ask a question and again tried to smile at her a bit, and again was met with utter disdain and rudeness. I also watched her interact with another guest and saw her act with the same rudeness and bad manners. No matter what may be going on in one's life, when you work in customer service you need to leave whatever is happening at the door and put on a smile. I was appalled by her demeanor. My room was alright, there was no clock which I found very odd. Since I came from a different time zone my computer and phone had 2 different times and I was constantly confused as to which one was correct, especially upon waking up in the morning. It would have been nice to have a clock. There was also no literature on local sites, maps, restaurant menus, or even anything with the hotel's name and address in the room. Also, the mattress was the absolute worst mattress I've ever slept on in my life. I woke up every morning with a sore back and neck. I've had better sleep on a hard, lumpy futon. It was absurd. Like another person posted, my tub did not drain either, and I was also shocked that there were no soda machines or ice machines to be found. Maybe they were around somewhere, but I wasn't made aware of it at check-in, and I didn't want to go downstairs and ask for fear of being treated like I was a burden to the employees. The hotel is in a good location and the rooms look nice upon first glance, but I absolutely would not stay here again. I've had more pleasant stays at a cheap chain hotel, which was a bummer because it was my first visit to Chicago and I had pretty high expectations.
As a regular visitor to Chicago and a freuent guest at the Ambassador East, I was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit. Room service has been eliminated despite the renowned Pump Room being located in the hotel, there was no in-room directory, the carpet was torn and stained, no phone book, the refigerator and honor bar had been removed, and the room was so small I had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire. I asked the desk clerk about larger rooms, and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue, as there are several larger room types. He didn't even offer to check availablity of other rooms! In talking with the consierge, she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years. All in all, a very disappointing, and expensive, experience.
I can see how this place must have been gorgeous at one time but they really need a makeover. 1. There was a huge gaping hole in the carpet on the bedroom floor. I kid you not. How can they have guests in a room where the carpet looks like it had been mauled by a giant earthworm? 2. The furniture was severely chipped. Ok. I dont mind chipped furniture if I am slumming it in my just-out-of-college-sister's apartment. But for 170+ a night, I want a room that does not look like it was furnished with stuff retrieved from a dumpster drive 3. The receptionist while I was checking in was super curt. I know it was late but isnt that sort of your job? Not everything was horribly bad though. The one star is for the bathroom that was super clean. I do not recommend this place at all.
My friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in Chicago. Lets just say we were thankful we didn't have to spend much time in the room. The carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way. The furniture was worn and outdated. The place was gross and just wasn't worth the money we spent on it. The only redeeming quality was the door man, we was very nice and helpful.
The room looked like a country club prison cell. Flat paint on all walls, doors, trims, not especially clean. A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair. No amenities, no homey touches, nothing on the walls. No room service, no gym, no concierge. The air conditioner clunked off and on all night. On the plus side, the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV. Don't waste your money.
Stay Away! After generations as an old-world, cozy and stately, if a bit tired oasis, the AE has been purchased by Ian Schrager and taken down so many notches it's almost not functional. Allowing for the fact that the hotel is under renovation, the entrance is not handicapped accessible, and I saw several hotel guests with canes, casts, etc (including myself, recovering from foot surgery and in a cast, with a cane) struggling with the up and down outside stairs one has to navigate just to get into and out of the hotel. With luggage, it's almost impossible. This is simply inexcusable. I've been a customer of the Ambassador East for decades--but no more. The hallways are so dark one can barely see. The rooms are stark white, which in and of itself, isn't a particular problem, but it is jarring and almost painful as one's eyes adjust from the dark hallways. The furniture--stark and scant--looks like something from an Ikea closeout. The bed is comfortable--what a relief--but only about 15 inches off of the floor, a real problem if you're at all physically challenged, or even elderly and less flexible than you were in your salad days. The problems don't end there. My room had a horribly uncomfortable wire/metal desk chair, and absolutely nowhere else to sit. No arm chair, no demi-sofa, no ottoman. With a foot in a cast, it would have been nice to be able to sit comfortably, perhaps even with my leg elevated, while in the room. No way. The bathroom has absolutely nowhere to put any of your toiletries. Not a shelf, a small table, a nook, or a medicine cabinet. If you want to put a razor, shaving cream, makeup (for women) or anything else down so that you can use them, you're sh*t out of luck. Repeated requests for a small table or some sort of chair went unmet. A borrowed umbrella from the front desk was broken and unusable, something I didn't discover until caught in an expected downpour. I was tempted to throw it out, but remembered that they would charge me for it if I didn't return it, in spite of its total lack of usefulness. Refrigerator--forget it. Shampoo? For two days in a row, the housekeeper left several bottles of lotion, and no shampoo. Room service--not available. If you want breakfast, the front desk will sell you a small, pre-wrapped, commercial grade muffin for $4.00--something you can buy in any gas station for $1.00. No added value whatsoever. The photos show a nice entrance, and a large lobby for which the AE has long been famous. Unfortunately, that lobby is closed off, under construction, and the temporary lobby is on the second floor, difficult, again, for handicapped access. Thermos-bottled coffee and water for tea were stone cold, at 8 in the morning. When confronted with these various misses, the front desk staff repeatedly shrugged their shoulders and said, "Yeah, we know, you're not the first to tell us this stuff." All this shows is that Schrager doesn't even care to make an effort to make his guests comfortable, and that the staff is either too indifferent or too amateur to know the difference and even make an effort to get it right. It's one thing to get a good price on a hotel room when it's under renovation. It's another thing altogether to get screwed in the bargain, particularly after booking a non-refundable pre-paid reservation. Again, avoid this hotel like the plague.
We traveled to Chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city. To our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations. Gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one... elevator that is working to the second floor to register. Our first room was recently renovated.....stark white walls, no amenities at all. Guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room. Modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud, a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair. No fride, coffee maker, iron, or even a picture on the stark white walls. We asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the 15th floor. While this room was attractive, we were greeted to jack hammers at 8 every morning. The staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking. lake shore drive
The hotel is just ok. Stayed there for 5 days when visiting friends. They had a renovation going so there was no lobby, bar or anything. Just a decently furnished room for 200 usd. The renovation was not annoying but i think they ahould charge... much less untill its done. You cant beat the location! Very convenient especially if u like chicqgo nightlife!
When you're standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all, nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again. The worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem (they told me that it happens to the upper floors, and I wasn't even staying on the highest floor!) as if that makes it ok. I can look past the "rustic" decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash, but c'mon, a girl's gotta shower.
Let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take 5-6 trips for pleasure on a yearly basis (not including our business travel). We've traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail. We were not at all impressed by this hotel. At $220/night we were expecting a decent, clean hotel but obviously not a 5*. We were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given (1546). The paint/wallpaper/tub were peeling, there was hair in both the tub/toilet when we got to the room, the internet service was extremely slow, the toilet ran throughout the night, and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in. We told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was "I know, we can't wait for our renovations." If it hadn't been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the UK & booked into this hotel by a travel agent, we would have checked out as soon as we checked in. Let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in/check-out process was painfully slow. All we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly/responsive door staff. In its day this was likely a lovely hotel & but it is in dire need of a renovation. Despite its location I cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience. We would never book at this hotel again.
has gone downhill so much we almost checked out. We stayed in the Dean Martin Celebrity Suite for 3 nights while entertaining customers in Chicago. We've stayed there for many years and while not up to date like the Four Seasons or the Peninsula, it has always been a comfortable and clean, service oriented hotel. Not only has room service been eliminated (if you want room service it comes from Marios Italian restaurant down the street, so is ONLY Italian), complimentary morning coffee is no longer available, mini bars have been removed from the rooms, etc. etc. The only restaurant, the Pump Room was closed for a private function on Saturday night, the bar also, so we weren't even able to have an after dinner drink with our guests. Surely the function was planned before we made our reservations, but we weren't told of it. We also learned that the bell staff (who have been there for 13 and 8 years) is being eliminated. So, in other words, anyting to do with "service" is gone from this hotel. I hear they are going to begin renovations in December, but that is no excuse to let an old glory "go to pot" in the meantime. We won't be staying here when we go back in July or for Thanksgiving. We even had to pay for internet. Mind you, our bill for 3 nights was 900.00+, no room service, no restaurant/bar charges. Highway robbery for what you get ow at the Ambassador East. Sad.
The Good - excellent location, neighborhood is pretty and quiet, close to shops, restaurants, the waterfront, close to train/subway station, etc The Bad - Very old decor, which isn't a big deal, but the tv was smaller than my PC monitor. We were supposed to have a king bed (anniversary trip) we were given two double beds and told we would be switched - that never happened. The shower/tub was stopped up so bad that after I showered my husband waited over one hour for the tub to drain before he could shower. Who wants to shower in someone else's dirty water even if it is your wife. The indifferent - room was a decent size, bed linens were okay, staff was mediocre to marginally rude
The Good LOCATION Views Decor Room Service Friendly Staff The Bad Shower curtain in replacement room was too short and leaked Bed was just Ok The Ugly Had to pack our bags again and change rooms after loud noises from the elevator kept us up. I am a heavy sleeper but even with my white noise app cranked on the hotel's iPod dock it was still loud enough to keep me up. Also our toilet leaked into a puddle by the shower. The staff did however provide a replacement room although not immediately. Also, they mentioned that they had AREADY been aware of the noise problem with that room from past customers.
Went there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended. I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me. When she go there at 6PM, the room wasn't ready, the phone didn't work, the shower didn't work. When I got there she was already very upset. I called the manager to complain, but was put on hold for 30 min. I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn't any wall separating us. I asked for a wake up call, but nobody called me the next morning. When I called to complain the next day, the told me the phone system was down. Ordered room service and got the wrong order... The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath... I would not recommend it to anyone Patrick
Not worth the price, even a little bit. A week prior to scheduled check-in, receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting, of course, upon arrival, nobody knows about it. Typical. After nobody was doing anything about it, I notified them of this stay's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic . Com, all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in. Too little, Too late. Very small room with 2 queens instead of the "Select King" I was supposed to have. Windows didnt open, TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable. The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests, well there was no check out feature. This shit hole couldn't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock!
We stayed at this Hotel in February 2010. The room was great we had purchased it at a raffel at work for a fund raiser for United Way. So we probably paid more then we needed but it was for charity. We were woke up at 3:00am in the morning by a group of at least 25 young people that were so loud coming off the elevators and down the hall ways they must of woke everyone up on our floor. Of course one of the rooms they rented was right next to ours. They were so loud shouting profanities and banging on the walls that we thought there was maybe a fight going on. We called the front desk who sent security up immediately. Security tried to get the people that were not registered guests to leave. We called down to the front desk two more times to send security back up again since nothing changed this went on for over an hour until it finally quieted down. Because of this we ended up over sleeping in the morning since we were so exhausted. When we complained about it in the morning managemnet would do nothing for us because as they stated we used a gift certificate. Well we still paid for it!!. They would not give us one thing free for the trouble that we had. We would never stay at this hotel again, obviously they really don't care about their guests.
Move beyond the rock theme and it's an average hotel with a good location. Room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing. Thank goodness the window opened or we'd have been cooked alive. That of course let in all the noise from Michigan Ave. This combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every 30 seconds made for a lively setting. Room was stuffy too. Burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions. Wife happy w/ Aveda in bath. Base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey.
Great building and location, but... staff is indifferent, you have to pay for WiFi (after $300 usd/night I would expect at least free WiFi), no pool in the building and something I found really annoying is that, if you move anything from the minibar, they have sensors that automatically charge you. This is ridicoulus.The iPod dock in the room didn't work. Also, we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over. Definitely is not value for your money. You're just paying for the Hard Rock brand. I will never go back to a Hard Rock Hotel.
at check in, the girl gave us a smoking room. we asked for nonsmoking. i had to get another room. it was by the elevators. loud! really loud!. the new room didn't have a shower door. so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet. the public transportation is amazing. you don't need a car in chicago. you can get anywhere by train or bus. it's fast too. Area recommendations chicago is great! good shopping, good food (ginos east!!!) and great bars. the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i've ever seen!
Our check-in was great, but then we got into our room. The carpet was drenched and stained near the bathroom because the shower (open concept) leaks water onto the floor since there are no doors on it. The mini bar was broken and put an extremely foul scent into the room. Our final hotel bill reflected 2 charges that were incorrect....1 for the mini bar which we did not utilize, and the second was an up charge for a bottle of wine ($69 instead of $50). When my husband went to the front desk to have it corrected, he was met with a very unfriendly and unapologetic employee. It was adjusted, but not without confrontation. There was another guest checking out when my husband was at the front desk who had the same "mysterious" mini bar charge on her bill as well, and was trying to have it corrected. Overall, the location of the Hard Rock was nice but it will be the last time that we stay in one,
I chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed. The previous weekend, I stayed at a 2.5 star hotel a few blocks away, and was much more impressed there. The Hard Rock had a number of issues including: very dark room - not much light (artificial or natural); lots of street noise; very cheap decor and furniture; broken cabinet door; very warm room - said they would send maintenance, but they never arrived; had bar charges on account that were not ours. Overall, I was very surprised that this was a 4 star hotel. I expected a much better experience!
This morning, I checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had: Hard Rock Hotel, Chicago. I am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the "Preferred Hotels" group. Upon checking in, I was "greeted" by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show. My room was poorly lit and dirty. The desk/desk chair was covered in sticky, dried soda pop (or something else?) which I had to clean myself so I could work. The "sound system" was put to shame by my 10-year-old daughter's boombox. No one, rock star or otherwise, wants to reach more than an arm's length for toilet paper. Everything is possible. This includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the "everything is possible" line. Great marketing fails with no follow through. The in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time. Do you charge Steven Tyler $7.81 for opening his in-room 'fridge? Looking back, I would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty, drafty, overpriced bar (with a horrendous wine list) With the exception of the fact that I was leaving, check-out was no better than checking in. I wasn't even asked about my stay! The young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant. I, for one, will not bring my business back to that location. Next time I'm in Chicago, I'm staying at the Hyatt. Rock on, TripStarr
I had purchased this deal of off groupon. Lets just say we found a bunch of hidden treasures. when We layed down to sleep in our bed. We lifted our blanket and found very distubing spotting on our bed (attached in photos), we immediatly called the front desk. The only thing they offered was a new set of sheets. when the room service men came to change the sheets he brought us another one with a big red stain on it and quickly/hid changed it before we seen it and he apologized and offered to bring us new ones once again. we denied since it was so late and just slept on the sheets the appeared to be clean. Then next day i eagerly showed the fronk desk and manager the photos, and they offered me a ($68) refund. I was very dissapointed,and dirty sheets that made us very uncomfortable and sleepless and I broke out on my face with ACNE (i never had a acne or skin issues) im positive something in those dirtyy sheets. We drove 4.5 hours to enjoy Chicago and we stayed @ the hard rock based on reputatuion, and unfortunitly we were very disspointed. it was DISGUSTING! I then wrote a Email to management and HEARD NOTHING BACK. NOT even a response or apology. I just really expected alot more.
Rooms are so dark we had to insist they bring lamps so we could see. The room we had at almost $400 a night was dingy and small. Don't mistakingly think the Hard Rock Cafe is there, it isn't. They have a Chinese restaurant that is overpriced and limited on items. The room service menu is broken down in terms of times you can order certain foods. When my wife wanted a milk shake we had to call the Manager to have it made since the kitchen staff said it wasn't a choice. The Rolled Roast beef sandwich was listed under the 2 am choice and they refused to make it untill again, we called the Manager who did get it to us. The staff did appear friendly, although housekeeping totally disregarded our 'do not disturb' sign and would call us on the phone. Don't make the mistake of staying here but if you do, walk across the street and buy snacks you want because even a soda is $3 plus 19% gratuity. We ended up having to order delivery food brought to us. This is the most overpriced, over rated and dingy hotel we've ever stayed in. Taxi to airport is $40.
This hotel was chosen for me for a business convention. The lobby was pretty cool. But the rooms were tiny and very dark. I had a huge picture of Kiss above my toilet. It was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting. The location is OK. You have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of Michigan Ave, but its not too bad. Be prepared for some sad sights after dark. Apparently panhandling is permitted in Chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging) because at night, the beggars come out. The saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -5 temp night. Those kids looked terrible. Unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city. You don't see so many in the daylight. Also the room service at the Hard Rock is pretty good. Its plenty for 2 people. I would not stay here again though. I suggest the Omni Hotel.
HI HO HI HO, off to Chicago we go. Here's the skinny, if you're hoping to run into a washed up rock star (CeCe Deville for us, and no the teenagers had no idea who he was) you may want to spend your hard earned money here. I took my younger sister and a couple of her friends (teenagers) for an overnighter in Chicago on our way to Wisconsin. I chose the Hard Rock for the ambiance. I mean come on it is supposed to be "COOL". Well it wasn't. The Positives: *It is in the Carbon & Carbide Building, which is beautiful. *The location: it sits in the middle of everything *The lobby has two computers for guest use. *The fitness center is very nice. Cardio machines have individual TV's and there are head phones in case you forgot yours. They have protein bars for those that like them for a post workout snack. *Check-in and out was quick and Valet was very courteous. The Negatives: *The rooms were small and ours wasn't clean (pistachio shells on the floor). The rooms were painted purplish gray (we were on the Prince floor) with a picture of Bob Marley hanging on one of the walls. The girls thought the coolest part about the hotel was the fuzzy throw pillows. *Bathroom had only a shower and not a full tub. *The cable reception was poor; I kept looking for the bunny ears to fix the picture. *It isn't anywhere near the Hard Rock Cafe. *There was very little memorabilia. *There is no pool, and yes I knew this when I made the reservation. To wrap it up, I won't be staying here again. If I am going to drop almost 4 Benjamins on a hotel room, I will stay at the Palmer House Hilton. But that is a whole different review.
My wife and I just spent a long weekend at the Hardrock Chicago hotel, and although I am not one to normally write long email, I felt it necessary to bring some of the disappointing experiences from our recent syat (2/14 to 2/17) to your attention.Issues included: Our friends ordered chocolate covered strawberries to be delivered to our room upon arriving on 2/14 and we never got them. Our friends later (on 2/16) asked us if we had received the strawberries, and we responded no. They then brought this to the attention of the hotel and we were pleasantly surprised to have received a complimentary bottle of champagne. We were then disappointed again, upon checking out, however, when we were accidentally billed for the "complimentary" champagne - which was later subtracted from our bill. The in-room DVD player didn't work. It was approximately 11 PM on 2/15 when we called the front desk for help with trouble-shooting the issue. The person responded friendly that "Al, the engineer, will be calling you back shortly" to help. 10 minutes later there was a knock on the door, and it was Al. A great and friendly guy, but we were waiting for a call back, not the arrival of a service tech - keep in mind it was late and we were already in bed. When Al was not able to fix the DVD player, he graciously told us "order a movie on us" - thru the in-house movie selection. The problem: that didn't work either. Again, Al was awesome, and called the service provider, but they weren't able to fix it until after midnight. Finally, after midnight Al called us back, but by then the "movie watching" mood had sort of passed. I ended up watching the film "Hitman" alone as my wife had already gone to sleep.The thermostat in our room didn't work, regardless of the temperature we set it to (set to 65 degrees - actual temperature = 76 degrees). We had so many other unresolved issues that we didn't feel it necessary to voice any more. ...read more
This is a tough one to review... as the star ratings were from 1 star to 5 and had to figure out an average.... 2 is where it was. Here are my tips and props/complaints: Room: 1 Star. I had a corner suite. The room was pretty nasty actually (2703..STAY AWAY FROM IT!!!). There was a CONSTANT banging noise from above. When I first got in I thought it was the person above me bumping and grinding. After an hour, I knew even if it was someone high on speed and redbull would not be going that strong. Well, the sound continued on for 3 days. Not that I minded too much as I keep things on for white noise... but it sure would bug others. Also, there were about 10 cig burns on the carpet and sofa. In addition, it looked like someone left the iron on the sofa. Also, there is a gray furry pillow on the bed that looks like a big dead rat. I could not imagine all the DNA left on that thing either. *gags* Bathroom: Nice size but not great. The faucet was lose (really lose) and the toilet would not flush right. Service: Great. Everyone I encountered did a great job making me feel welcome. Good stuff. Food: I had meetings there, so experienced the breakfast and lunch they made. It was really good... much better than most hotels. Bar: Very cool. Good music, great service and good drinks. The scene was decent as well. Small bar, but was not cramped. So, maybe other rooms are nicer... well hell they better be. Regardless, if ONE room is like that (especially a "suite"), I have to think others are like that as well. It is too bad though. The views are great and they actually have windows that open... big shocker for the city in general!
My wife and I just spent the Labor Day weekend in the city, choosing the Hard Rock Hotel as our pad. We've stayed at the HRH in Orlando twice and are blown away by the ambience there. It's not that way here. These may be all ticky tacky things, but they added up to us. First of all, the room. We upgraded our reservation thru the HRH website for a room with "an Incredible view". Well, our 9th floor view was of nothing more than the venting on top of the building next to us. That was all we could see. So there was no view. The room was muggy. We had the air turned down all the way and it never got below 74. We woke up sweaty both days. When we opened the window to get a breeze, the noise from the rooftop next to us was overbearing. The room was small and dark, but it didn't bother us that much. The bed may have been the mosr comfortable bed I ever slept in. And we even joked about stealing the pillows! We had the same issue with the honor bar as a previous poster, but they removed the charges no prob. Throughout the entire hotel, I counted a total of 3 pieces of music memorabilia. I thought it was a pretty cheesy attempt to renovate an old hotel, throw a Styx guitar on the wall, and slap a HRH emblem on the outside. The hotel itself was very clean and did not look like a renovation. The location is good, right on the south end of the mag mile, but there are 10-15 better hotels in a better location to shopping, quality eats, and Navy Pier. If you have a car, parking will cost you $38/day, which is prob normal for downtown. The hotel restaurant was a Chinese restaurant. The bar was small and trendy, and I guess the kicker to it all was that my wife tried to order a Pina Colada and they told us they didn't have a blender. WHAAT???? A HRH without a blender? Did they not know that Jimmy Buffet was in town???? Mind blowing! I would never, never, never go back here. Like I said, there are many better hotels in much better locations. I will stay at the HRH in Orlando or elsewhere again.
I was scheduled to stay at the Hard Rock in June, but had to cancel. I had booked the hotel back in January. When I called six days before my arrival date to cancel, I was told that I would be charged for my stay because I did not cancel seven days in advance. I told the customer service rep that I had never heard of such a practice, but she said, in a very smug manner, that I was told back in January. I honestly don't remember being told of the cancellation policy, but think it is a unprofessional practice to capture some additional dollars since it is not an industry standard to require a seven day cancellation policy when you book directly with the hotel. I, for one, will never stay at a Hard Rock hotel and will make sure that my friends and business associaties know of this unfair practice.
Not worth the price. We almost stayed at a hotel for $110 a night, but instead choose the Hard Rock for $180 (a special). We were located on the "newly renovated" Beatles floor. The carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced. Upon entering our room we found some cool Beatles artwork along with a 3x4 foot Marilyn Manson portrait. I think they were halfway done re theming the room. At checkout they tried to charge us $11 for using the mini-bar which we didn't even open. They removed the charge right away but I wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge. Nothing special here. If you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you.
My two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel, and found the hard rock had lost our reservation. I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone. The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying. It wasn't until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue. Ten minuets later she found our reservation. Our room wasn't ready, we were told that it would be ready at noon; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty! Room was very small. The bathroom shower, sink and floor were filthy. Room service trays sit in the hallways all day. The next morning we called down to get towels, they were never brought to the room, we had to drip dry. The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher. He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub.
Great front desk staff, the rest of the experience was dreadful. The room service staff have to be among the most poorly trained I have ever encountered. We had to ask FOUR times for the staff not to slam the supply closet, adjacent to our room (almost in the room itself). They do these random room checks for the minibar, as if the entire budget hinged on the sale of a can of $9 peanuts. The roomservice is also equipped with walkie-talkies as loud as megaphones. If you like sleeping in on your vacation, don't stay here. Also, the hotel was under massive construction, a detail that was conveniently excluded from the website. SO we had to take the elevator with construction workers just about every time we used it. No discount because of the work and noise. I'd rather sleep in a box in the alley.
We chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds. We anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel, than some of the other larger high rise hotels. We did not experience very good service at the Talbott Hotel. When we checked Irena seemed very robotic and aloof. The front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious. The lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door. Each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff, just a blank stare and gaze. The front desk staff was chilly and stiff, no greetings, no smiles and no personality. They had difficulty answering simple questions or requests. On the other hand the bellman Perry was great. He was sociable and very service oriented. He was aware of what is going on in the area. He recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area, and where to eat in the neighborhood. He is authentic and he even asked us upon our return "how was that restaurant?" Tim the concierge was also supportive. He gave us 10% discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores. We had the largest suite. We requested a rollaway (extra charge) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after 10PM. When the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed. What made our Talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned. We were out of our room from 8AM and when we returned to our room at 4PM the rooms had not been cleaned. We called the front desk to ask to send someone. The maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening. The room itself was pleasant. It did have a moldy smell and some Frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much. We were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin. We really liked staying in this area of Chicago but expected first rate service. The service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel.
I am not much of a complainer, as you can see when reviewing my other posts on this site, but the Talbott provided such bad service that I feel the need to warn future travelers to Chicago: My girlfriend and I stayed at the Talbott for 2 nights in late July 2006. The first sign that something was wrong come during the initial booking of the room over the phone. The receptionist was outright rude, but took the reservation without a mistake. During our stay the hotel and restaurant staff was extraordinary incompetent, the waiters, the managers, nobody was friendly, nor tied to accommodate us. [------------------------] We and many others who stayed at the hotel attended a wedding reception close by and had arranged the hotel bar to remain open from 12-2 to have an after hour's party. The hotel manager had assured us that this was secured and done in the past upon such occasions. When we returned from the reception at 11:50pm the bar was closing and the night manager and hotel staff were very rude to me and my friends. "Nobody told us, we can't do anything for you." "Are you sure that you arranged this?" Two quotes so typical for this hotel's staff that I know that I will never stay at this hotel again. I understand that mistakes are made and that communication can be difficult across different shifts in a hotel, but blaming the customer so being confused and failing to arrange what I know had been arranged for and was later confirmed by the day staff is too rude even for my taste.[-----]
Avoid The Talbot, especially for group functions. My in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests. They were lured in by promises from The Talbot, that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide "special, personal treatment". Nothing could have been further from the truth. They failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception, they persistently confused reservation requests, they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests, his wife, and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight. Now the worse part. Mistakes are made, even hotel managers are human, but where a hotel, which is supposed to be in the hospitality service, can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error. Case in point: I had requested on several occasions when I made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card, all expenses, they assurred me that this would be no problem. Of course, when my brother, his wife, and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid Chicago after six hours of travel they wouldn't let them check in until they physically saw my card... again despite them having my card on record, and despite my explaining this to them over the phone. My brother recalls the "indignation" of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card. Then Another guest, in this case my older brother, came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby. When I finally was able to get across town, leaving a Cubs game early, I again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account. Again they agreed, but never did anything about it. In the end when my older brother checked out on Sunday he was told everything was alright, but when he went to his ATM his account was frozen from "unathorized overuse". The hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained. When he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events. I spent Sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on Monday, the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone, calling The Talbot, the credit card fraud division, my brother, etc trying to solve this situation. The most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager, who at one point suggested that "I was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters".... this was a witnessed event, and her insinuation was that I was lying, and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake. In the end, there is no one running this place... managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail. When I was finally able to get the name of the general manager (after two days)m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back. The communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant. Fortuneatly the staff at the Signature Room (where we had the reception) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost, but the The Talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests. Try The Ambassador East (same neighborhood) cheaper, much more professional staff.
The Talbott Hotel itself is a bit worn around the edges. No - not a bit worn - very much so I'm sorry to say. Although the location a block and a half from the best part of Michigan Ave. can't be beat, and the level of service is on par with many Four Seasons, there were quite a few bumps in the road. Number one, the rooms are quite dreary - brown on brown is just so not pleasing. The desk chair was so badly worn that the "lift" button simply swirled down when you sat in it and no we're not grossly obese. The back of the chair leaned so much it was uncomfortable. My husband had to use 2 couch pillows to use it - one to get him up to desk heighth, one up against his back to scoot him up to the desk. The bathroom was oddly arranged so that the door swung up right next to the sink, so if you were using the far sink and someone needed to enter the bathroom you got hit with the door. The towels were very well worn and thin, although bath sized, which was a plus. The restaurant downstairs is practically another posting - suffice to say, it was horrific. We had some appetizers outside on the nice streetside tables, and they (appetizers) were awful and looked as though a child had tossed them together in the kitchen. A room service sandwich ordered later in our visit was totally wet on the side, served on a large white plate, and was one slice of meat and one slice of plastic American cheese on a grocery store-like roll - very very sad. Even the menu, as limited as it was, looked as though someone's child had written it out. The good news is that Chicago is a fairly well-read restaurant town so there are plenty of other places to go. Unfortunately for us, the 3 days we stayed there was a large convention and jazz festival in town so we paid $325/nt for our disappointments. The good news is that the mini bars' wares were incredibly well-priced - when's the last time you had a $4 beer anywhere in a hotel? (even if it was Bud and Bud lite - lol!~) The front desk and curbside staff could not have been more accommodating. The water out of the shower was hot and plentiful, and the bed comfortable. The A/C was not noisy nor uncomfortable whatsoever, and we had it going the entire time as it was in the 90's our entire stay. Free wi-fi - YES! And it wasn't horribly grindingly slow! No need for the advertised "upgrade" for faster wi-fi. Talbott - please update your rooms and get a new restaurant concept and you will be ahead of the game. Apparently there are enough folks getting deals on rooms here so they are pleased, but we were sadly not.
I selected the Talbott after 3 hrs comparing hotels online. We have had wonderful experiences with boutiques (Monaco, Allegro) and assumed this would be comparable. Good points: the lobby is beautiful, and one staff member took roses I bought for my wife and arranged them nicely. The many problems: When my wife called with a question on our arrival day, the agent could find no reservation -- 15 mins later she was transferred to another person who found the record instantly. When we arrived, the lobby was stuffed with students; nobody tried to manage the group, several of whom pushed ahead to the check-in desk. We left our bags and went out for 2 hrs so we could check in with less hassle. We finally were checked in, after waiting 15 mins while the confused desk clerk searched for rooms. When we got there, our room had not been made up from the last guest. When we complained, we were given an "upgrade" to a room that was old and uninspired. Chairs are scuffed, closet shelves are bowed, the air conditioner is noisy, and a wall lamp is loose. The view is of a construction site. Movies-on-demand are dated. We expect this from a budget hotel, not one positioning itself as elegant and upscale. When we returned after an evening out, the card reader to open the main doors did not work. One staff member admonished us (really) for not using the reader, when in fact we had tried. This was embarrassing, as others were standing in the lobby. I tried to access the hotel's wifi network, but was only given a $9.95 upgrade option. I called the desk, and was told to "click past it", which of course did nothing. It wasn't until 2 hrs later the complimentary access worked. We are pretty easygoing; we love good treatment and tip handsomely. If we had only 1or 2 problems, we wouldn't write. In fact, we would not have written except the hotel did not make things right. The president wrote a letter, and suggested others at the hotel would be in touch...nobody ever was.
This is a great hotel but there is no way that I would recommend it until the construction around it is complete. The elevator is the alley starts for the construction site behind at 5:30am and goes on into the night. Dumpster filling and emptying also seems to go on 24/7. Worst of all, the restaurant is open to the sidewalk cafe here and the rats go scampering from the construction next door to street to grating. Ugh!
If you asked me two years ago, I would have recommended the Talbott Hotel without hesitation to anyone who asked. Now, I have definitely changed my mind. While this hotel is located in a nice area of Chicago, surrounded by great restaurants, shops and affluent people, it has really begun to slowly downgrade. As noted by my reviews, I am incredibly serious about customer service. If you're in the hospitality industry, there is really no excuse for falling short in this category--- but alas, the Talbott really has. The door staff don't say a word, the desk people acknowledge you only when they are not doing a million other things (which they always are) and the staff have an air of snobbishness. Inexcusable since we, the customers, are paying to stay at their over-priced hotel. Perhaps the most annoying aspect of my latest stay was that I had to walk down 11 flights of stairs to get to the lobby of the hotel because I waited a solid 15 minutes for the elevator, which, when it arrived, was packed to the brim. I get that it's an old hotel, but it is incredibly annoying that they only have two elevators for the entire place and when one is down for construction, the other one overflows with people and I am forced to walk ELEVEN flights to simply get to my dinner reservation on time (which I didn't.) I will not continue giving this hotel my business and have other better recommendations to give to friends who plan on visiting.
I was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel, after hearing all the good things about it. Unfortunately, it was a very underwhelming experience, to say the least. But let me begin with the things that I do like about the hotel. First off, it is located my favorite part of Chicago - the leafy, affluent part of town that is Chicago's equivalent of Manhattan's Upper East Side, complete with sidewalks, quiet tree-lined streets, real old-school townhouses (instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are 21st century condominiums), cute boutiques (instead of Gap, Banana Republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands) and, of course, Hermes of Paris (which warrants a separate mention). I also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches, cherry colored wooden furnitures, area rugs and distinct artwork. The very reason why I always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains. I definitely love the room. While the space issue is not as bad in Chicago as it is in Manhattan, getting a 400-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task. So we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous, ample bathroom, double sink, massive king bed AND still enough space to walk around, do a chicken dance, and strut my Herve and Louboutins in. My only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our 11th-floor room, but then again Delaware St is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us, so can't have it all! Yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service, or lack thereof. I mean, seriously. They don't call it the 'hospitality' industry for no reason. I did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so I do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that I would be getting from say, a 3000-room Vegas hotel. First, I called in to reconfirm my reservation. The lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent. First off, she was not able to find my reservation and I was transferred to the front desk staff, to whom I had to explain myself all over again (my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service). The person who manned the reception desk was not friendly, nor was he at all competent either. Case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which I agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in, which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there. But the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about 1AM. As a general rule, I am never, ever, a big fan of room service, having had my fair share of bad food that they slap 18% gratuity, 10.5% tax (and still expect a tip) on during my days globetrotting on the company's expense account. Think overcooked steaks, lukewarm soup, bread hard enough to knock someone out, and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite. So I really wasn't expecting hotels as small as Talbott to have a 24-hour room service, but lo and behold, they do. I placed an order of chicken BLT, which (to my initial delight) came in within 20 minutes. Then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of $2 on top of the 18% service fee (refer above) I opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin, microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of Lay's chips (lightly salted flavor). The bread looked like someone stomped on it, the L and T looked like it was 2 days old, the B was unrecognizable, and the chicken was burnt and cold. It was pathetic room service at its finest. We did get the item taken off our bill (rightfully so too) but the front desk person was, instead of apologetic, defiant. The whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving, it's quite an accomplishment in and of itself. We won't be coming back, unfortunately.
I had requested a quiet room several weeks in advance, yet was given a room facing the street from which I could hear traffic noise. I asked to be moved and was told that nothing was available until the next day. The next morning, prior to being moved to a quiet room, the toilet in my original room overflowed creating a large unsanitary flood. About an hour later I was moved to a room which did not face the street. The room was quiet but smaller and darker. The mattresses in each room were very firm, I would even say hard. I asked if any softer mattresses were available and was told that the mattresses were all the same. At checkout I tried to give the hotel a form of payment that differed from the card the room was reserved under, and this process was still not done correctly after 10 minutes, which seemed longer because the van to the airport was waiting right outside, with other passengers. (The cost was not correctly charged until almost a week later.) As recompense for the noise, flood, etc., the hotel offered exactly nothing. Not a great stay.
If location is the only thing that matters, stay at the Talbott. However, my wife and I have travelled extensively throughout North America and Europe, and I have never, in my entire life, seen such an inept housekeeping staff. They are unprofessional, noisy, incompetent and better suited for a one star hotel. They were yelling in the halls, slamming doors, and taking far too long to clean each room. They come to your room several times to check the fridge where they sell bottles of water for $3. The hotel was being renovated when we were staying there so we also had to endure the construction work - no discount was offered even after we complained several times. The front desk staff was very polite, but who cares?They're supposed to be nice. I spent a lot of money to stay here and did not feel that I received a fair deal. The room was sub-par for the price, even for an inner city hotel. Stay somewhere else and have a better vacation.
I'm sitting in the hotel as I right this review and am not impressed with the room. The hotel is not modern in the least - it feels like you're staying in your grandmother's attic. Wallpaper is peeling off the wall, not well lit, very few outlets in the room -- especially convenient ones (none next to the bed or built into lamps), terrible views and loud construction noises woke me up at 7am. Even the location is off the beaten path - closest L stop is on the Red Line -- so not accessible via the loop stops on the blue line from the airport without transferring. Health club is not on site either. There are hundreds of other hotels I would stay in over this one.
Any traveler who is loyal to a favorite hotel has experienced this sad truth: eventually the lodging deteriorates. But you do not expect the price to double and triple at the same time! I have been staying at the Talbott for several decades. Yes, changes have been made, like the updated heating and cooling systems and the front entrance, most recently. But other things have gone downhill. For the last several stays I have experienced very dirty carpets and slow service. Rates have skyrocketed and now they are asking for 3 night minimum stays on many occasions. This is the kind of rate structure one might expect from the 5 star hotels within spitting distance of The Talbott, but not this less-than-maintained lodging. I, personally, am shopping for a new home away from home.
I booked two rooms four months in advance at the Talbott. We were placed on the top floor next to the elevators, which are used all night long. When speaking to the front desk, I was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor, which I had requested for a better view. I am looking at a brick wall, and getting no sleep. He also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the 16th floor, and were aware of the noise problem. Why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked? A request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the TOP floor and using that request to justify this. If you decide to stay here, request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator! I spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences. This is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain.
I found this hotel in the "Small Luxury Hotels of the World" booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years, and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels. I therefore chose it for a 4 night stay while visiting from England. The Talbott was excellently located, although i had a view of a building site, and did have an ambience and some charm, however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling. I had to wait in the foyer well after check in time, having previously attempted to check in earlier, tired and in need of a rest, while a "final check" was done to my room. The valet parking was not outside when requested, breakfast was not included in the price, all the things requested of reception did not occur, and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special. I have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant, where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel. I was severely disappointed and cannot recommend it at all.
I have stayed in the Talbott a few times and had always liked it. This time was my first visit in 2 years and I was disappointed. The hallways are now looking tired and the carpets need to be replaced. I had asked for a corner room but instead was given a small and very dark room looking out onto a wall 10 feet away with multiple noisy vents immediately outside the window. The lights had to be kept on throughout the day even through the days were bright. The bathroom was tiny and would be difficult to manage with 2 people in the room. The AC unit rumbled on permanently with background white noise even when switched off. Having stayed there before I know there are better rooms but this one was the same price as the others I have been in and the risk is getting it again. Other small things contributed - the lobby brownies are no longer, there were no cup lids for the lobby coffee (so you couldn't walk out with the coffee) and I got a newspaper only on the last morning of a 5-night stay. The construction noise was not too bad but does start at 7.30am and goes on until around 8pm, including weekends.
We reserved a room with a sleeper couch a few weeks before our stay. After checking in and unpacking, we discovered that the sleeper sofa had been removed (supposedly during renovation). The front desk clerk and bellman never mentioned that there was no sleeper sofa even though they saw all 4 of us check into the room. Colleen, one of the managers, was argumentative and did nothing to resolve the problem. We ended up having one of our children sleep on the couch and the other slept on an antiquated rollaway bed. We never spoke to the general manager who was conveniently "absent from the hotel" during most of our stay. We stayed here on more than one occasion over the past decade and had never encountered such incompetence. We had to make several phone calls to receive a miserly discount and we never received an apology. The lack of training of the staff was clearly evident, as was the cavalier attitude of the management.
I can easily say this is one of the worst hotels I've stayed at the. The receptionist up front was a snooty, sarcastic teenager or post teenager. You can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner. The room was dirty, stains on the carpet, the showerhead was moldy and rusted, the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches. The towels had a horrible aroma. The hotel is very narrow, so we were near a construction zone so, I would plan on waking up at 6:am if you choose the Talbott. The next day, I asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room. That room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop. I asked for late checkout at 1pm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day, if were not out by noon. I had to speak to the manager who gave us till 1pm. Please stay away from this hotel, I think a Holiday Inn would be better. Andrew F. Gulli
Just back from spending Memorial Day weekend in Chicago. We decided to stay at the Talbott, and we reserved a room there over a month ago. I must say that we found the staff to be wonderful, but the accommodations to be quite disappointing. We were given room #1605. Avoid this room at all costs! The adjacent elevator is so noisy that it will keep you awake most of the night (and then awaken you at 6 AM). In addition, we had requested a king bed, and #1605 has two doubles. We were also surprised that there was no coffee maker in the room. Despite the very friendly staff and its super location, the Talbott was less than what we expected, and we would probably not stay there again.
I can't recall another time I've had to deal with such rude front desk help. While pleasant initially, as soon as I demonstrated the slightest bit of frustration that I was still waiting to claim my luggage for check-in (I arrived prior to check-in time, so they were holding a few bags), the true quality of this establishment surfaced. Never mind that the luggage wasn't sent up to our room in the afternoon or that i waited in the lobby for 15 minutes at 7:30pm still looking for my luggage or at least a bellhop. While that was a bit annoying, the worst part was witnessing the poor attitude of Donna, the very attractive but aloof front desk employee. Her lack of initiative was only matched by her pettiness, as I noticed she refused to make eye contact with me for the remainder of my stay, including when my family came down to the lobby the following morning. I also booked a rate that included parking, which Donna acknowledged at check-in but at check out billed me separately; I assume after I got on her bad side. Even with my last polite good bye to the front desk, I felt a phony, uppity attitude from Donna, and I really can't convey the extent of how insulting it felt. I can honestly say it was the worst part of my first trip to Chicago. The hotel is well appointed and the lobby was small but cozy. Great location as well. To be fair, most of the staff seemed very friendly, and I am not so obtuse as to not recognize my rating of this hotel is a statistical outlier. But I think most travelers, like me, would trade a few amenities for consistent and reliable service, so as to not have a "situation" that could single-handedly ruin a travel experience. Unfortunately, that was the case here.
