Stayed for a week last month. Can't beat the location - close to the Magnificent Mile, Attractions, Tours, Great Restaurants & Night Life. Have spent a lot of nights in other Homewood suites hotels and other suite hotels. Thought the room was ok, not great. Overpriced in my opinion. Found staff to be uninterested and not very helpful. Had to wait in the lobby on the 6th floor for room to be ready and the front desk staff could care less. Watched during the week as other guests were made to wait as well. Breakfast was the same stuff day after day. As the week went on, they actually started to run out of the more popular food items and these were not replenished (weekly delivery I guess). Also, the room was was so busy that the staff made people wait for a table and treated you as you were waiting for a 5 star restaurant. Travel for work (sales) and frequently stay in hotels. Travel with family every year and also stay in hotels. This is roughing it for me...not a camper. Would come to Chicago again, but would not stay here. There are too many other options worth investigating.
Upon first entering the hotel, we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen I have ever encountered. Through our 2 week stay, they told us to "have a nice day" as we left in the AM and welcomed us back upon our return. Breakfast is served in the AM, and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen. It was a very enjoyable stay.
WARNING: FOOD POISONING ALERT!!! The room was dirty, the shower had mold and the handle in the shower my daughter cracked her head open on. The elevators were absolutly terrible they made me dizzy every time i went on it. They hade pasta night and they put out a bowl of noodles and sauce and i couple of rolls well you get what you pay for. What was worse is the sauce must of had bad meat in it because my family got so sick. The one thing that was nice was the location which was right by michigan avenue. The second night we left and went to another hotel which was 80 bucks cheaper and 100 times nicer. DO NOT STAY HERE
Ideal location right in the heart of the Near North side but good grief, they need more than two elevators. You can wait 10 minutes for an elevator and if you happen to be on the first floor (registration desk on 6th floor), you can face a long line just to catch one. Rooms are from the same cookie cutter as all Homewood Suites - very utilitarian; unlike many locations however, this one does not include a DVD player in the rooms. The pool is OK but there's no jacuzzi. Oh, and housekeeping is deficient when it comes to keeping the towels stocked in the pool area. Front desk service is pretty good.
My fiance and I traveled to Chicago for the first time this December and we were not happy with this hotel. The friendliest people on the staff were the bell boys. They greeted us with a smile and gave us lots of great advice throughout our stay. The rest of the staff however was terrible. When we first checked in, I was instantly discouraged. The front desk person was not in a good mood and I couldn't wait to leave the lobby. Having not traveled here before we were looking for exciting places to eat and to go sightseeing. We asked multiple staff members at the front desk of places to go and see and never got any good recommendations. We felt as if we were an inconvenience to the staff. At one point, the front desk person was on the phone while we were waiting to talk to her, as she was on the phone a family of four came up behind us waiting to talk to her as well. Even though she saw us standing there, after she finished with the phone call she ignored us and helped the family first. Yes, we are in our mid 20's, but we are still paying guests and there is no reason to be treated like we are invisible. For how much money we paid for each night, I would have rather stayed somewhere else. We decided to go with this hotel because of the location and the great reviews, but we did not experience any of this during our stay. The rooms were alright, but nothing special. I would not stay in this hotel again.
This hotel is trading on the Hilton name and although adequate the decor is dated and depressing. Although classed as a three star the prices do not reflect this. It was more expensive than other four star hotels in the neighbourhood, The breakfast is poor quality and the room very crowded. All in all the worst hotel we stayed at in a 14 day tour of Canada and the USA. Would not stay there again.
While the parking service was great - the front desk was terrible. We had a huge problem getting ice one night - we had none in our room so we went twice to get some - no one was there to help, called the front desk they promised to deliver some - none arrived so we called again - they said we had to come and get it and would not listen to what we had to say about what had already happened. ...read more
Even though the reviews of this hotel are very good, the only good thing about it is the Location, which is excelent. aside from that, there are only 2 elevators, so there is ALWAYS a wait to get in. they also seem to have insufficient staff so getting your luggage, room service, etc takes forever. even if you arrive in a cab, there is no space to load/unload so you have to block the street while you arrive/depart, the rooms seem a bit dated and in need of a refresh. all in all, there are much better options in Chicago
I called the reservations line to book a room at the beginning of December 2012 for a rate with a local corporation. When I first made the reservation I did not get an e-mail confirmation. I had to call again to get the e-mail and then saw that I was booked in a handicapped accessible room which i did not need as there was me, my wife and three year old. I called the reservation line and asked for a regular room which they said was impossible at the rate I was at, however for ten dollars more I can upgrade to a regular room. I then asked what if a disabled person needs the room and he said he could not help me. i told them to cancel the room. based on the reservation experience, I did not want to run into anymore trouble at this hotel.
I choose the Homewood Suites in Downtown Chicago because I called them directly in search of a two bed room within walking distances of the attractions of Chicago. Well, when we arrived, it was apparent that there was chaos do to one of two elevators being out of service (which it had been since Tuesday, this was Saturday). Once we finally got to the 6th floor to check in, I figured our relaxing time had begun. Well, we got our room key and headed for the17th floor. Again, waited for an elevator but finally made it two our room. I put the key in the door it opened to the surprise of me and the family already inside the room - Yup we got double booked. The family was very nice and seemed OK with their surprise visitors. Said our apologies and went back to the elevator and waited again to head back down to the 6th floor registration to figure the mess out. We have now been at the hotel for a half hour with no room and slightly annoyed. Made it to the reservation desk and explained the situation. I did get an apology and a new room. New key in hand waited AGAIN for an elevator to bring us to the 9th floor for a new room. FINALLY got to our room only to find it was a king suite. We are a family of four including two full grown teenage boys. There was no way they were going to fit on a pull out sofa. So, REALLY annoyed now, I called the front desk and was told that were no rooms with two beds left even though I had specifically asked for two beds when I booked. It said two beds on preference on my reservation but the reservation agent assured me two beds would be available when I checked in. She went so far to but TWO BEDS on my reservation paper work. The operator said there are is only one two bed room on each floor. The only thing we got was a fold up bed that took away half the room in the living area. Now, I paid a total of 349.00 for one night for this room. We got the mess mentioned above and a breakfast out of the deal. I am pretty sure my next trip to Chicago will not include this hotel. I can tell you that we are frequent HWS/Hilton customers but this hotel will not be on our list of stops in the future.
This review has two parts. . .I advise reading both. Chapter One: The actual hotel and staff I found the in house staff to be very friendly and accommodating. The room was nice and clean as well. I have no disagreement with any of the other reviews regarding the hotel room or the staff. This is a great location where you can walk three blocks to to the South to reach the riverfront, or a few blocks to reach the water tower to the North. Very easy (one block) walk from the subway (Red line). The morning complimentary breakfast is substantial. Not just muffins and coffee. You can have a complete breakfast here if you want. And, even the breakfast servers were really nice and efficient. I would recommend this hotel IF based solely on the physical location, the room, and the staff. Chapter Two: The nightmare I booked this room through central reservations in July for a mid-September arrival. The rate was quoted to me as $159 per night for four nights. When the confirmation was emailed to me, it was incorrect by over $300. I immediately called the hotel. They said they made the correction and emailed a new confirmation with the correct amount. I did receive the corrected confirmation email. . .All done? NO. One week later, my credit card statement arrives with the old higher amount having been charged. I called the hotel and was transferred to central reservations to resolve. When I explained the error, I was literally called a liar by the person in reservations, and told "That's not my problem. I can't help you". . . and then told that I have to pay the higher amount. Excuse ME? Now, I go back to calling the hotel manager to get some assistance. After a few left messages, I get the general manager to call me back, and discuss the issue. After taking down all of the names of people I spoke with, he assures me that he will credit the account immediately. I even get a call from someone in his accounting dept to confirm my credit card etc. . . One week later, still no credit. So, I call the general manager again. Oh, this might take up to 72 hours to process, I am told. So, please give it another week. Another week passes, still no credit. So another call to the manager. I am told now that the credit HAS been processed, and he even sends me an email confirming our "agreement" for the credit, just to appease me. Another week passes. Still, not seeing that credit that was "definitely processed" a week ago. Yet another call to the general manager on the day before I am to leave on my trip to Chicago. I told him I will be arriving, and at this point, I want to see him personally, and he can physically use my credit card to process the credit while I am there. Remember, we are now talking SIX WEEKS and this is still not resolved. I arrive at the hotel, and to make a long story short, the general manager was NEVER available to see me, nor did he make any attempts to schedule any time to see or talk with me. The only person I spoke face to face with, was the assistant general manager. He was completely unconcerned with my situation, and made the completely inappropriate statement to me of "you realize this boils down to a matter of 'he said she said'". . . WHAT???? Today, my trip is over, and I have flown back home. I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE CREDIT TO MY ACCOUNT!!! I will absolutely be reporting all of this to Hilton Corporate Customer Service, and will absolutely be disputing the entire amount at this point. Take this little adventure into consideration when dealing with this hotel.
While it was a nice hotel, but i am rather frustrated with them! During our stay our room was cleaned twice by housekeeping. The first day was fine. Second day my diamond earrings came up missing. Noticed they were missing while in the packing up and checking out process. My biggest mistake was not staying there and dealing with this further. But we had a family reunion and funeral to get to. While the front desk was great and said they would handle it, I believe they say these things just to get you to go on about your way! We filed a police report and the GM of the hotel is supposed to be working on it. We have called several times but receive no answers. They keep telling us the cleaning staff have been there 10 + years.....that dosen't matter to me! If they are not held accountable what's to stop them from taking anything. There is a dishwasher in the room, and they found my daughters ring (which was in the same glass with my diamond earrings) in the dishwasher. They say I put the cup in the dishwasher. First, I am on vacation, trust me i'm NOT doing dishes! Second, why would I wash one glass and leave the other dirty dishes in the room? So, while it is a nice hotel....lock up your things of value! They may come up "missing" and you'll be left frustrated!!
I called on December 6th, 2010 at 3 p.m. to book a room for an upcoming weekend getaway, and was taken aback when the phone was picked up and promptly hung up without a word. Thinking this might have been a simple mistake, I gave it another try. A woman introducing herself as "Toni" answered the phone, rushed through her introduction, sounding incredibly bored and annoyed that she had to answer the phone. Barely letting a second go by after her introduction, she gave a snotty "Hello?!" before I could open my mouth and tell her "Never mind." Never has a hotel answered my call so rudely. I'd like to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and pin this unpleasant experience to "Toni"; however I will not be calling back again in hopes to stay at this hotel during this trip.
The lobby of the Homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room(actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up). The odors from the kitchen were disgusting, and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen(I.e. hospital). The free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable. I suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were, that makes this hotel a good value. But i would not stay here again.
I booked this hotel for my family of 4 to stay overnight to see the Magnificent Mile Christmas Lights Parade. I chose it because it had a sofa sleeper and one bed. We arrived at our hotel around 3:30 PM to check in. We came at this time because the front desk worker said that we could not check in until 3:00 PM. After giving him our name, the manager said,"OK, we have your king smoking suite available". We quickly corrected him to let him know that we were traveling with two very young kids and we reserved a non-smoking room. He insisted that his computer said that we reserved a smoking room. We went back and forth, then he asked us if we had a copy of our reservation. Luckily, we were able to pull the reservation up on our phone. It clearly said non-smoking. After showing him our reservation, he explained that there was nothing that he could do to correct the situation because they had no other rooms available. So why in the world did he need to see our reservation!! We decided to see if we could handle the smoking room. It turns out that the entire floor was smoking and for a non smoker there was no way that we could sleep in a smoking room on a smoking floor with our two young children. The manager eventually called around and found a hampton inn near by with one bed. We canceled our room reservation. We live about an hour away from downtown so we made the late night trip back home. My family was very disappointed. My husband is a gold member with Hilton. Let's just say we will be switching back to Marriott. The hotel lobby was dated. The smoking room that I saw looked very dated as well. They made an error and never owned up to it, nor did they do anything to compensate us for such a huge inconvenience.
I booked this hotel on Priceline for 4/13, and a week later called the hotel directly to add 4/12 to our stay. The receptionist confirmed my reservation confirmation# and gave me a lower rate for both nights for the same king suite. When we arrived at check-in, there was no record of my 4/12 reservation whatsoever. The hotel was also fully booked, leaving my tired, hungry family and I high and dry with nowhere to go. The only decent thing that happened with this whole debacle was that Lisa at the check-in desk called around to several other hotels close-by to find us a room, and seemed to be the only employee working at a very busy time of evening. We ended up at Embassy Suites for both nights and had a very pleasant experience there.
We planned to stay for 5 nights on a family trip. I booked this hotel because of the expected value for a suite as well as the free breakfast - get a quick bite, then head out for the day to do normal tourist stuff. Well, our stay here lasted 1 night and we quickly, and thankfully, switched to a different hotel for our last 4 nights. The room was dirty. When we opened the sofabed, the sheets were filthy and there was a mess of dirt and crumbs that fell out. Ridiculous considering this is a suite hotel where the sofabeds are likely used, and theoretically cleaned, a lot. Extra blankets were also dirty and bathrooms weren't much better. Temperature control in the room was imprecise - minor inconvenience but without clean blankets on our only night, it made for a cold stay. If you like to eat for free (they have free breakfasts and dinner on certain nights) and don't care to eat the great food Chicago has to offer, I guess some may find this place tolerable. But we found the buffet no better than average and felt like we were at a Golden Corral. The only thing this hotel really has going for it is location but there are other options in this area (we switched to The James and had a great experience). I couldn't be paid to stay here again. I'm shocked by the high overall rating given our experience.
After reading good reviews about I booked a 5 night stay. Checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we'd have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for 2 teens. They somehow had us booked for two rooms instead. Got that sorted out and arrived around 10 pm. Checked in and waited for our luggage... Finally went down and got it ourselves. The room was a little grungy, furniture shabby, and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover. Ewww. Called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me. FYI it's kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel. Next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron didn't work. Called for a replacement, waited a while, called again and was brought another iron which also didn't work. Third time was a charm. Oh boy. Too bad we paid in advance. Won't be staying here again.
This hotel had a great location, but you can do much better for the money. The hallways smelled of smoke, dirty elevators, furniture in the lobby was thread bare. The staff was very helpful. The room was large, bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered. If you have any allergies don't stay here!
We went to Chicago for my 2nd wedding anniversary and stayed at Homewood. My first impression was great, very helpful valet employees and VERY nice. That is one perk of my stay here. Otherwise, we had no problems checking in other than the hotel has 19 floors and when we booked the room we asked that we have the highest room avalible due to the fact that it was my husband first time there and the higher up, the more beautiful the view is. So we got the 9th floor. Not what I call "high up" when the rooms started on floor 6. Then the following morning, we went to breakfast of which was ok, nothing great. My husband and I went down in jeans and a sweatshirt but had not really thought about shoes as we thought it would just be a few bagles, some fruit, and that was it. So, we got our food and sat down. After getting stared at for the first 15-20 minutes, an employee came and told us that we wernt allowed to eat breakfast without our shoes on. Remind you, it was about 15-20 minutes after we had even entered the room. So she asked that we go get shoes while sitting down and eating our breakfast. Pretty pointless AFTER we already had gotten our food. I am sure it is because very few employees could speak understandable english that it took so long. Last but not least, dont come with a clean car. I had washed my car one day prior to arriving there and when it was returned, it was filthy dirty.
We booked thru hotwire which we have a high percentage of positive outcomes. I was very happy when we saw that we would be staying at The Knickerbocker-as I had stayed when I was younger. We reserved a King Non-Smoker. Upon arriving we were told that they did not have that and we only had the choice of a Smoking room. When argued they stated "well you booked thru hotwire so you do not have priority". As we entered the room I noticed the bathroom door was off track and the bathroom light did not turn on. We called the front desk and they fixed the door but not the light. Later that eveing as I took a shower the seal around the shower was so poor water got all over the floor and towels. Also, I must add the room reaked of smoke. The next day when we checked the front desk clerk asked how our stay was and when we told him the problems, he told us the total and had not concern of our issues. We also checked in our bags for the day, and the bellmen came quickly and made very rude comments about us hurrying up so he could get on with his day. We realized a bit later that we forgot something in one of the bags and was told they would not get them back out. STAY AWAY-even if you get a good deal!!
Our suite at the Knickerbocker are quite nice, but the behavior and attitude of the staff is beyond abysmal. First, a member of the staff entered our room mid-day unannounced only to apologize after realizing that he failed to verify that we were present. Not a tremendous problem, but when the young woman at the front desk replied "What do you want me to do about it" with the tone of a flippant teenager, I began to suspect that a severe deficiency in manners may have been evident in the staff. Fast forward to this evening. Following a lovely meal off the premises, we chose to turn in a bit early at 11:30 pm only to discover that despite our best intentions, the bass from a party downstairs was more than audible in our room. Acting prudently and with restraint, we decided to phone the front desk to inquire as to why our room had been inadvertently annexed into the party downstairs, but yet again we were met with a curt and quite rude response. Sean at the front desk informed us that the party was a greater priority for the hotel, and that the family dictated that the music was to be set at a certain volume. On one hand I appreciated his honesty, but on the other, I truly would have preferred that he at least pretended to care about the guests who chose to stay at his property. Since we're out of options for the evening, we've decided to stay up and try to watch TV for the time being, but given the circumstances, the staff could have easily made up for the negative situations that arose in quick succession. Also, I was alarmed to learn that while I slept the prior night, a possible gang-related shooting took place mere blocks from the property. This wouldn't have been a concern if like nearby hotels, the Knickerbocker chose to enlist any type of security measures within their lobby. Would I stay here again? Maybe on a dare, or if someone else was footing the bill. Yet I've had better experiences in road side motels, and the employee training regimen could use a serious revamping to better serve the interests of the guests, and more importantly simple common sense.
Location is excellent, but don't valet your car there,(53.00 a day). Bed was to soft, pillows were flat, we couldn't open up the mini bar cabinet because the bed was in the way. All in all not what you'd expect from a hotel in that area.
We booked this hotel for an adult weekend away on Priceline, paid $85 which thought was good price for a 4* in downtown Chicago. The location is great. The hotel minimally OK> Unsure how it gets a 4* rating. It is old and though clean the decor is definitely jaded and needing a face lift. Staff were pleasant and overall it was a good stay. However I would NOT recommend this hotel. I would rather have paid $100 and got something more updated - trouble with old it tends to look somewhat seedy and this was true in this case. My suggestion DO NOT BOOK PRICELINE FOR CHICAGO IL AND ASK FOR 4 * BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT YOU ARE ALMOST SURE TO GET.....NOT GOOD ENOUGH PRICELINE.!! IN MY OPINION.
Just returned from a one night stay at the Knickerbocker, and I will not return. It came nowhere near being worth the price I paid. Hotel Burnham is twice the hotel at half the price! The bathroom was unbelieveably small and smelled terribly. We had to call the front desk twice before towels that we requested were delivered (which frankly may as well have been paper towels, nothing plush about them at all). We didn't have enough pillows and when we requested an extra it was never delivered. Room service cart was left outside our door all night. All in all, it was a very disappointing stay. The only redeeming quality of this hotel seems to be its location. And for me, it's just not worth it.
Rude, rude, rude! We stayed here on July 4th weekend. We drove from Michigan, we called customer service to get directions from I-95 w/c is a major highway to Chicago-- calling them from a cellphone, telling them we're in a middle of a storm and that we're lost....we were put on hold, forwarded to another person who did not know how to get to the hotel and we were on hold again. Giving up we decided to just exit the highway and try our luck at a 7-11 store. When we finally arrived at the hotel at 2 am no one was there to take care of our car so we looked for parking ourselves. Checking in we were not greeted by anyone, even the receptionist did not greet us!! no welcome to the knickerbocker, nothing! The man at the reception was rude, which makes me think what kind of customer service training this hotel has. The guy could not find our reservation and he seemed frustrated that we are checking-in at 2 am!! Well if they were able to give us directions maybe we would have been there 2 hours earlier. The room is not even spectacular, very small, probably a little bigger than a walk-in closet. Stay here at your own risk.
I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in mid-March and was so disappointed with everything. The room was small, the carpets in the looby were smelly, no bathtub in the washroom and view of brick walls from the windows. Not even free internet which even the cheapest hotels offer these days. It costs $10/day to connect to internet. If you want to use internet in the lobby, minimum charge is $5 per use. To use the phone in the rooms for local calls, it is $1.25/15mins and then 10 cents every min. Even the local calls are charged, what a rip off!!! Every hotel I have stayed at offers free intercontinetal breakfast, of course no such thing at this hotel. No indoor pool, go figure. I won this from bidding process at priceline, I will be reluctant to use this service and this hotel in future.
While this is a good location for shopping and sightseeing, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms are small and bathrooms are tiny, all of which is to be expected in an old urban hotel, but apparently care has not been given to updating the hotel (ever!). The crown molding and base boards are cracked and it appears to only have been painted over and over again. The newer tub liner in the bathroom is merely floating above the old tub and when you stand in the shower it bubbles under your feet. The shower tiles are old and the grout is not clean. This hotel has not been restored the updating that has been done are merely band-aides. There is no fan exhaust in the bathroom and the carpet is ontop of a very hard surface, probaly concrete with no pad in between. The lobby is smokey because of the large open bar in the small space. We were in town on business and supposed to stay 4 nights, we left after 2 and went to another hotel.
I booked a hotel room for 4 nights at this hotel through an online vendor. After booking the hotel room I contacted the hotel to request a room with 2 beds. I was told in 3 different conversations with hotel personnel that I would have a room with 2 double beds. When I arrived I was given a King sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my 3 guests. Apparently the hotel management saw no problem with 4 people sleeping in 1 bed. The staff was completely unaccomodating. To add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with 2 beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The customer service is well below what is acceptable. The location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting Chicago. Bottom line is do NOT stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!!
I stayed here for 5 nights last summer. I booked the reservation on priceline for $75/night which was the cheapest rate I could find anywhere during a convention week. Anyway, when I arrived at 11 pm from the airport, I was told that they had overbooked the hotel and had no room for me. They booked me at a dumpy 2 star motel by the airport. They gave me $20 for a taxi to get there, and it cost me $35. I was late for a meeting the next morning because of the extra travel and packing/unpacking. The Millennium offered no compensation whatsoever for their foul-up. No free drink, no room upgrade, nothing. Since I booked on the internet, I was chopped liver. Beware.
We stayed at this hotel with our two teenage daughters duing a part business, part family fun trip in July. We were very impressed with the location, within walking distance to great restraunts and shopping, inlcuding Water Tower Place (a great mall!). We were quite disappointed with the room cleanlinees and size. The bedspreads were filthy and so thin. The room decor is in dire need of an upgreade. The bathroom had no fan and it really smelled badly of mold and mildew. The shower actually had mold in the corners! This was a very tight squeese for 4 people. Especially the bathroom. The beds and pillows were quite uncomfortable. Even the elevators were tiny and could barely fit 6 people! Thank goodness there were a few elevators. Luckily we booked this room on priceline and would have never paid full price. The only upside was the great location. Also beware- its cheaper to take a taxi to the airport than the airport shuttle! Millenium promotes the airport shuttle but take a cab!
The location of this hotel is excellent. The hotel itself is not a 4 star like they say - in my opinion. The room decor is horrible (probably more European than I am used to) and the room is small and furnished like an old apartment. On the upside, if you want to stay in a great location, feel safe, and can put up with some aesthetic issues and can get a great deal then this will work. I prefer Westin or Marriott...something that you can count on.
The hotel lost our reservations and then couldin't accommodate what we needed. they gave us a room much smaller than we needed and when we requested something diffrerent they were unable to fulfill our request. we opted to leave the hotel and after there mistake of losing our reservations, they still charged us an early check out fee. If it wasn't for the great location of the hotel, there would be nothing positive to say/
This hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last 10 years. The first room they gave us was a shock. TINY and the bathroom was a joke,, you had to step inside, move out of the way just to shut the door. The furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was VERY beat up and painted over about 100 times. so they transfered us to the 'executive suite' That room had a tiny bathroom.. I mean TINY! The furniture was hideous and dirty. It was on the 3rd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud. The only impressive part is the lobby.. but don't be fooled. because after that .. the floors above look like they need a major overhaul.. and the rooms were not worth even $100 per night. we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through Priceline deal. I don't think we want to do Priceline again only because they have the Knickerbocker as a 4 star Hotel and we don't ever want to go back there again. 2 Stars at best for the dumpy Knickerbocker. They should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms. Boomer. Naperville, IL
From checkin to departure a poorly run hotel. It took 30 minutes in line to check in because only one clerk was on duty. Another person, perhaps the manager, was in the back room but never came out to help the check in clerk even as the line grew. The hotels elevators are small resulting in 10 minute waits to get up and down floors,especially when 1 of the 3 breaks, as seems to be frequent occurence. After specifically asking for a room away from the elevators, I was assigned to a room directly across from them, necessitating another 20 minute wait in line. The room smelled of mildew and water dripped from the ceiling the first night. I requested a news paper be delivered to my room - it appeared on the morning and never again. Basically, the hotel is understaffed and poorly trained. Never again !
This place is a dump. I booked on Priceline, because the last time I booked a Priceline hotel in Chicago, I got the Westin and loved it. Despite having paid for Priceline, I ate the money I had already spent and called for a reservation at the Westin and went there for the weekend, instead. I didn't regret it for a second. You will be disappointed if you stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker because you are paying for a Holiday Inn at the price of a Westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more. The location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive. There are enough hotels near the loop (and near a train/bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively) that you should not spend the money on the Millenium. Do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location, but it's not worth it. Really.
Before booking this hotel, I did read the reviews, and I was concerned. I ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation. BIG MISTAKE!! The temperature in Chicago was a balmy 99 degrees, and the temp in the room that they gave us was about 85 degrees. When we called to complain at 11:00 am, they told us to turn the temp down to 40degrees. We went back at 7:30pm. it was still humid, the beds were moist & the room very stuffy. Called again, they sent somone to fix it, & he recommended getting a new room, because the room will not cool down. They told us they were booked, yet, after the maintenance man called, they suddenly had a room available, go figure? So they move us to another room, guess what, it is 85 degrees. Again, they told us to turn it down to 40, needless to say, it never cooled down & we should have just slept on the street. We travel a lot, and we stayed here one night, and it was awful!!. At check out, I had to re-tell our entire room issue, they actually ended up not charging us for the night, thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay, because we would never go back. Also, the room decor is very old and stuffy. If your going to Chicago, don't stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker!!
The historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel. Unfortunately, the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings. The front desk staff was rude, the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door. There are three elevators but good luck with them all working. They are very very small and when only one is up and running...you end up waiting a long time for one. Not fun when you are on the 12th floor. The room was TINY and the air conditioning did not work at all...the room felt damp and miserable. We put the thermostat as low as it would let us (65) and the room never went below 78. (and it was 107 outside the whole trip!!!). There really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant. Internet is not free either... Overall, I would never stay here again.
The air-condition has a noisy fan/compressor in each room. It starts every 3 to 5 min and the noise will wake you up. At least the first night. This is an old fashion system that needs to be replaced. The postal service at the hotel is non-working. The hotel messed up our concert tickets that was correctly addressed and transported by UPS. The tickets were at the Hotel General Managers office. The reception denied that they had arrived. We had to spend most of a day travelling to the ticket agent to resolve it. The Hotel did not find any reason to apologize for the inconvenience. The concert was the reason for our travel to Chicago. Else, the Hotel had good standard, free internet in the lobby, not to good view from the rooms, and friendly staff at the restaurants and the bars. We had booked 20 room-nights all together staying at room 612, 425 and 431 from the 23rd June.
I unfortunately stayed for 3 nights at the Knickerbocker Hotel ...I should have checked out on day 1. The bathrooms were filthy dirty with tangled hairs on the floor behind the door and after a few nights of scratching and the feeling of skin crawling...I pulled the bed away from the bedhead and watched as little rice sized brown bugs scurried over the white sheets...bed bugs! Which I might add the hotel are saying are flying insects from the windows being left open from when the window cleaners were there (fortunately I took photos to the contrary) Finding the bed bugs...I looked at the mattress protector and pillows and found long hairs on both...I was disgusted at the hygeine and would never stay again at this establishment.
We stayed at this hotel for a conference. The lobby and the conference areas were immaculate. The restaurants (one of which was Shula's Steakhouse) and bars were great. The saff was exteremely helpful. The rooms left a lot to be desired...Our nonsmoking room smelled of smoke. The A/C system was ancient and tempermental, and the bathroom was old and in need of a makeover. It was surprising to see since the physical plant was so nice. We would choose, however, to stay elsewhere. Espcially for the money we paid.
I was in Chicago for a convention and stayed at the Sheraton towers. I had a negative experience because I got about one dozen very painful bites by bed bugs on my torso. It made attending the conference uncomfortable. The staff changed the sheets but could not move me to another room, as the conference had booked the whole hotel. After the sheets were changed, I got no more bites, thankfully. Despite this, I managed to enjoy the stay. I liked the location next to the river, and the fact that it was easy to walk to Magnificent Mile.
We had reservations (guaranteed by credit card) for 2 nights this past weekend. When we checked in the clerk told us that they could not accommodate us for both nights because they were overbooked due to a conference in town. I asked them to relocate us for both nights so that we would not have to move in the morning. They sent us over to another location that they assured could accommodate us. The night manager gave us the address to a different hotel and sent us on our way. Eventually we arrived at the correct second hotel where the staff were expecting a letter from the Sheraton for the transfer - something we were never given. Eventually we checked into this second property and the next afternoon when our keys didn't work we found out that the night manager of the Sheraton had not assured that we could stay both nights at the second hotel. So once again we had no place to stay despite having a guaranteed reservation with the Sheraton. In addition to all of this, we had to pay $24 for parking at the Sheraton to find out that they would not accommodate us despite a guaranteed reservation. I am still shocked by this bad experience.
Two main issues: (1) understaffed from the street to the front desk. Unfortunately I had to drive into the city, when I arrived there was an excessively long wait for parking. Then inside, there was a huge queue line with just one clerk working in a big city hotel. Not good (I will say friendly however) (2) I know this is a big city, but, $49 a night to park my car when I'm staying at that hotel? Really?? That's unreasonable and a bit gouging in my opinion. Again, I realize this is Chicago, but, I'm already paying a hefty price for this outdated hotel.
Stayed in April for two nights. I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year. As far as I'm concerned, that's two strikes and I won't give them a chance at # three. Doormen wouldn't help on arrival, huge line at c/i, lousy room, malfunctioning remote, unresponsive staff, and incorrect bill. If you want to be close to Michigan Ave, try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems. I don't understand why certain places never improve. Is it that tough to properly train a staff?
I recently stayed at the Sheraton for an onsite conference, and had problems from the getgo. I had problems with the check-in even though I had made arrangements beforehand to pay by company check and they have a credit card on file. The front desk clerks were kind of rude. The room was okay, not worth what I paid for. The sheets were kind of messed up and the room didn't feel very clean. They also charge for internet access, which is ridiculous. Most hotels provide free wi-fi. The conference food, which I assume is catered by the hotel, was not good at all. On the day of the check out, I had arranged for a late check-out, but in the morning before check-out time, someone else got assigned to my room and was attempting to get in! Then they locked me out of my room with my luggage still in there before my check out time. All in all, I would recommend staying somewhere else.
As a frequent traveler for work, I stay at many SPG properties. Compared to all the SPG property in Chicago, this is by far the worst. Why? 1) They charge you to use the gym. $12 per day or something like $24 for your entire stay. I can't even begin on what a rip off that is. 2) As a Gold or Platinum member, you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room. They do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one. 3) They do not have wireless internet. It is 2010- enough said. To charge you at least over $200 a night, all the above amenities should be built into that cost. I would never stay here again.
Firtly they took $372 off my card, even though they also took the same amount off of one of my friends for staying an extra night. They had no business taking the money off of my card. So on the 28th Sep I contacted them and they admited to the mistake. It is not a month later and I have called them about 6 times in all and they have still not paid it back. Secondly I booked 8 rooms at buy 2 get 3rd room free direct with hotel. When I looked a week later, they had only booked 7 and refused to offer me the rate 3rd room free rate, so two of my friends didn't come to the trip away. Thirdly I asked if the initial money for all rooms could be taken ASAP as the dollar was weak against the pound. After about 8 phone calls over 5 months (each saying they would) they eventually took the money and the whole trip cost an additional PS150. Overall, the hotel was nice and in a nice location, but I will never be staying there again due to all my problems.
great bed, but when I first came in, I requested a room with a lake view (i requested this over the phone as well), and the front desk woman said "this is a great room". I go upstairs and its awful looking. The view was of the neighboring roofs. Then I spent half an hour trying to find a better room. Eventually I got a corner roof with a partial view. Horrible experience. also rooms were small and had crappy look (yellowy wallpaper and bedsheets)
Generally speaking, nothing bad about that place if there would not be the cleaning issue. We checked the closed with the mini bar (picture uploaded), so much dust, nobody cleaned here for at least 3 years. We called in housekeeping, giving them the opportunity to check and do something about it. Still the same situation when returning to the room 4 hrs. later. Next day moved to a renovated room, much better but not 5 star clean at all. In addition, there was never a time when there was no waiting line at the reception, no wonder when just 1/3 of the counters is actually open. Please do something about these issues its ruining everything!
All I can say is avoid this place at all costs. From the reservations assistant (who took 45 minutes to book a room) to check out (they billed my card for 750 dollars) and getting a refund (numerous voicemails and emails no one returned my call). AVOID AVOID AVOID a truely hideous experieince I will never stay at a Starwood resort again, and given I stay in a hotel 4 or 5 days a week this is a big statement!
Truly a tattered run down facility that you should avoid . Rooms are small, dirty, and in no way represents the web sites representations. Staff is poorly trained and a very big disappointment. At best it is a 3 star facility ands with so many options in Chicago, "please" avoid this one. I had no choice to stay here as a client booked the rooms.
Was there recently for one night for a conference. Tried to check-in at 5:30pm (the published check-in was 3pm), they said my room wasn't ready, where as others coming after me were assigned rooms. Was given a dummy door key card and asked to chill in the lounge on the 32nd floor and that they would call on may cell as soon as the room was ready. I chilled there until 8pm, no call, so went out for dinner. Came back at 9:30pm and asked if my room was ready. The gal said of course yes and give me a key. When asked why no one called me, she just shrugged. No, my troubles did not end there. I went to the room and opened the door only to find someone else in the room. Came back to the lobby, then they apologized and gave me another room. I said I was not going to walk-in on somebody else again, so they sent someone with me to open the new room. For all my "trouble" they reduced my bill by about 40%. It was definitely not worth the trouble they put me thru. Very bad experience.
We stayed here for one night, and found it a hotel that concentrates on conferences rather than your normal guest. We found it hard to get a room in the city for that particular night and so we paid above the odds for this - @ $200 for the night. We felt when we checked in that if you weren't with the conference, then why were we staying in the hotel. The guy at the main door didn't even hold it open when you are trying to lug your bags into the lobby, we then had to que for 15-20 minutes just to check in. We were not given any information about the hotel and when I rang down to reception at one stage to find out if there was a business centre in the hotel that I could access the Internet through, I was just short of being asked why didn't I bring my lap-top with me so I could use the Internet access in the room.... !! I found the staff very rude and not helpful at all and would not recommend this hotel for a tourist.
Negative points: 1. I guess they gave me the worst room. It's small room with a king size bed even though I'd requested a room with two queen beds. 2. No roll away bed was available so I had to sleep on the floor. 3. The tub in the bathroom would not drain. 4. No exhaust fan in the bathroom. 5. broken furniture. Plus point: 1. Convenient location.
I have traveled to Chicago many times for business, and so I have expectations of hotels based on reasonable comparisons. There was nothing dramatically wrong the Sheraton, but it was simply overpriced for the quality of the hotel. It almost looked as if an accountant walk through the hotel looking for places to cut costs. The carpets were old, there was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, towels and linens were older than I expected, the rooms were in need of some redecorating, etc. during the week I was paying $349 per night for a room, and it simply was not near the quality I expected for that price. One positive to notice that the fitness room was quite good. Plenty of aerobic machines with TVs, weights, etc. location is also quite good (perhaps the reason for the high price) with close walks to Michigan Avenue and the river. In summary, I think you can find a much nicer hotel in a much better price in downtown Chicago.
My wife and I stayed here for a weekend in Chicago and had an okay experience. The location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown Chicago hotel. Everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in Chicago means a taxi ride. The other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere. I don't necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby, the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere. The pool/spa/excercise room was not very impressive either. It is accessible by walking through the business center corridor, wondering if you're going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small. There is also no hot tub and the "spa" is a closet with a massage table. The concierge was helpful but the people that answer the "sheraton promise" phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors. The beds were super comfortable. I think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do MUCH better in downtown Chicago.
After staying at the Sheraton Royal Orchid Hotel in Bangkok, I was expecting a similar experience at the Chicago Sheraton. I had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience. Unfortunately, my expectations were not met. For the past 3 years I stayed at the Palmer House in the Loop, but thought I'd try a more modern hotel. PROS - location by the Chicago River, two blocks from Michigan Avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes, crepes and french toast CONS - check-in assigned me to a city view room when I had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good, but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive: bathtub-shower combination; worn plumbing fixtures; only 2 sets of towels provided - guest room was small: only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - 7 to 8 block walk to nearest L-station - concierge couldn't explain how to get to the Mercury Theatre, nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get Starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the Link Cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the Link Cafe where boarding passes can be printed
We booked our hotel stay thru Yahoo and requested a room for 4 with 2 beds. When we got to the hotel, not only did they not have a room for us (we pre-paid!), but they said they could not guarantee what we had requested online, they could only give us what was available. The hotel staff was rude and condescending and only after I got upset did they finally tell me they did have a room for us. If you book online - beware! You may not get what you paid for. They did not stand by their promise they advertise in each room.
I stayed at the Sheraton as it was where a conference I was attending was being held. On the plus side, the hotel is reasonably well located, within a few minutes walk of Michigan Avenue. My room had a superb view out over the river. However, for the price I must say that the room look decidedly shabby and worn and is in need of refurbishment. The decor was dated, and my bathroom unit was cracked and the shower rail rusty. The wifi is ridiculously expensive, and frustratingly as a conference delegate I was unable to use the service downstairs in the venue despite having paid for 24 hours access. There was no wifi in the conference rooms, although it was free in the lobby area should you wish to sit there and do your emails. I know Chicago is expensive, but for that price I feel the experience should have been better.
We travel to Chicago frequently and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown. We were excited to try the Swissotel, but left disappointed. The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views, the staff was extremely rude. The man that checked us in was on the phone and did not acknowledge us until he was done with his phone call. He then did not say more than five words, which were "I need a credit card". The lobby bar had fireplaces and was very cozy. The hotel information said it closed at 2am so we came back to hotel at 1230am for a "night cap", that was last call. That was fine for us, but the bar was full and many people were coming back from their night wanting a "night cap" but did not make last call. Our night ended listening to many unhappy people complaining and receiving no sympathy from the employees. There are many places to stay in the area that are just as nice or nicer, no need to stay at the Swissotel again. Definitely don't stay if you're looking for a romantic weekend away, the employees will ruin your experience from the second you walk in the door.
The hotel is staffed by very nice but many inexperienced people. Executive lounge has limited hours and no access outside of those hours. Other areas similarly lack the level of service that is expected for this type of hotel. One of the individuals at the concierge desk twice gave us bad information about public transportation and the hours at one place. While the location is good, this particular hotel is simply not a good representation of what Swissotel is supposed to be, and there are far better choices in Chicago. It would not be my choice for a return stay.
My wife and I frequently stay downtown for a night in the city. We have been to many hotels in the downtown Chicago area. My opinion of the Swissotel - spend your money elsewhere and get a much better experience. The Swissotel has a very 'cold' atmosphere and its very difficult to feel comfortable. The room was average at best however the cost per night was far from average. The view from our room faced a construction site which is a soon to be trump building that will block the lake view from the hotel. Other hotels are also a couple blocks closer to the action and again for the cost we would expect more. Our room and the lobby areas had a strange smell and someone was actually vacuuming the hallway floors at 8:00a which woke us up. We called the front desk to complain and were extremely shocked to be treated rudely by the person at the desk. We also had a couple of friends come downtown and they were waiting in the lobby when they were approached by a gentleman asking if they were guests of the hotel. They said no but that they were waiting on us and he actually asked them what our names were and then they looked it up to verify that we were on the guest register. He didnt even apologize to them for the inconvenience and imbarrassment. Overall it was just an unpleasant experience because we were expecting top notch treatment. Spend your money for a nicer hotel just off the lake or off Michigan avenue for real top notch service. Anyone giving this hotel a top review obviously hasnt had the opportunity to stay at a nicer hotel in the area.
I just had a conference there. They have bed bugs--I have all these bug bites and it itches like hell. Food wise, we had chicken BOTH times for lunch (maybe my company was saving some $) but they should at least prepare them differently. It looked like they did the same style chicken but change the underlying "bed" upon which it is served. For dinner, we had filet mignon and crab cake. Sounds good right? Wrong! The filet mignon seems to be 1/2 the thickness of what I have seen and it was tough. I thought the filet mignon is suppose to be tenderest part of the cow???? Also, the crab cakes was a bit too salty. Finally the portions were tiny and left me lacking. In asking my co-worker, most seem to be blase about the food. However, some seem to like the burger (which they went to substitute) at the Palms, which is a restaurant inside the hotel, just off the lobby. On the positive note, the dessert for dinner was good. Otherwise, I'd recommend another hotel. In the meantime, when I got home, I make sure to bring EVERYTHING straight to the washer/dryer to disinfect (even strip down). But, damn, I'm still itchin'
Three nights there on business. Hadn't realized that the place was under construction and therefore the bar and restaurant are in the basement, very bleak. Told the front desk that I hadn't realized about the construction, so I'd have to switch hotels, they said they were still going to charge me for 3 nights. So I stayed. TV didn't work. Tried to get them to fix it and they ignored me...eventually after I called again, a few hours later, a couple grumpy maintanance guys came and fixed it. Long and complicated experience at the business center (which doesn't open until 9am, BTW), where I ended up paying $45 to print 55 pages. Had to buy these cards, and then the woman behind the desk ended up printing them herself anyway, (and charging me for them). I was left with $22 on a card for use at the business center in the basement of the Swissotel in Chicago, 2000 miles from where I live. I asked for a refund on the card and -- no surprise -- she declined to help me with that. Nice room, nice view, but the hotel is sterile and the service was incredibly bad. Worst experience I've ever had at a hotel when traveling for business.
I would NOT recommend staying at the Swissotel in Chicago. I was travelling with a friend and we arrived at different times. She had booked the hotel but had added my name to the reservation since I would be arriving first. The "night manager" at the hotel was extremely rude and told me I could not check in since they could not find the note about my name being on the reservation. (this was THEIR mistake) They told me I could sit in the lobby for 4 hours until my friend arrived. They did nothing to try and help me until I stood there and complained for twenty minutes. I can't believe that a "manager" would treat a customer this way. There are other great hotels in Chicago. This hotel is not worth the aggravation!
The elevator system was impossible. It seems they were trying to improve it but only made it worse. Many people waited 15+ minutes and some bailed out to the stair wells. It happened several times. I had read about it before booking but guess I didn't take it seriously. It'd be a deal breaker for any future return unless I heard clearly it was improved. Also, I always think it's lame that you have to pay extra for WiFi. Area recommendations North Michigan Avenue and Lake front areas are best.
Over all, my trip was great; I got to spend time with my best friend. We did some shopping and site seeing. Trip was overall great. The only thing was our hotel stay was not up to speed with other luxury hotels I have stayed at. Some of the walls had wall paper missing, most of the faucets leaked, there was water stains on the ceiling in the bathrooms, some of the furniture had very visible stains, the fire alarm was coming off the wall in the main bedroom. we stayed in the corner suite on the 37 floor room 3711. Considering what ones pays for the room you would think the pool would be free and they would not charge for every single small amenity. I do not plan on staying there again. Apart from the trip was great![]
Very Very noisy - Constant water running through pipes. It was terrible!! There are much better hotels to stay at in Chicago. Thier parking rate is obnoxious ($42.00 a night) and way too far out to walk to much. If you must stay here, try to park for free on dead end street (feed meter on weekdays) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a Jewel grocery store for sodas/snacks. (A can of soda at the hotel was $4.50 plus 18% restocking fee!!)
Stayed valentines weekend. Got the 5th floor with a direct view of the building next door. You have to pay extra for the pool and the ice machine was out on our floor. Parking nearby sucks as most of Chicago or pay 50 for valet to go through your car. Glasses were dusty and gross. This location is notorious for having super sensitive scales on the mini fridge, so when you barely touch it you'll get a bill at 3 in the morning under your door. Had I been on a higher floor and had a better view it would be a 4 star but not this time.
We stayed at the Swissotel for a three day weekend, and were disappointed to see the construction when we arrived. Is it just me, or is this information not clearly stated on their website? A giant tarp where a lobby should have been was pretty weird and unwelcoming. The room itself was fine. More bland and generic than the "European elegance" claimed on their website. The lack of hot water, was definitely not fine though. There were a couple pluses to our stay at Swissotel. The location is good, the bed was comfortable and the room was clean. These few good points certainly did not redeem our experience, and I wouldn't pick this place again, even post-construction.
Was one of the worst travel experiences of quite some time.... 1. Arrived to construction or renovation to main lobby... no warning. not on the website... "thanks for letting me make the choice to stay in hotel with construction site" 2. Lengthy line to wait at makeshift reception area (25 min wait).. check in..ACHE conference-- be prepared for the influx of people for the convention. 3. Double book room.... go back to check in... told to get back in line... and we will review when it is your turn... told them I just waited 25 mins.. Curt service worker said wait your turn. 4. Second room... dirty dishes from room service in front of door at our check in at 3PM. 5. Internet kept dropping and slower than dial up network.... 6. Second day and Third day stay... No hot Water to start the day off with cold shower.... 7. Check out... overcharge on bogus fees.... Travel to Chicago stay at the Palmer House or Fairmont.
Swisses Chicago: Nice, but lacking in some pretty basic expectations in our modern era in a great spot along the Chicago waterfront. A spacious room is a comfortable respite from the city, but don't plug in your computer or hope for a free donut in the morning. No free WiFi here ,or affordable breakfast, or a free swim in the pool. Just a ten-dollar-a-night charge for internet, an on average $25 plate for breakfast, and another 15 bucks a night for the "fitness center." I've stayed in small town no star motels where WiFi is free as part of a 50 dollar room. Get with it - this is 2009! No free breakfast is not so bad as you probably ate too much for dinner and don't need it anyway, but for those of us who aren't charging everything to the company card some basics would be appreciated. Coffee, milk, OJ; stale donuts, ,muffins, maybe some cereal. Throw us a little something besides fruit flavored water in the lobby. With regards to swimming, this is another one wrapped up in a fitness center fee but the pool is only open till 10 pm plan accordingly. This all makes the $6 Fiji bottled water in the room seem like a bargain. Summation: Drop the fees, the nickel dimming of folks, and just charge what you need to charge to compliment what is otherwise a nice hotel.
Wow. Here is a place to NEVER hold an event. First, no one smiles, including the bartenders. Doesn't anyone here know they are in the HOSPITALITY business? The bartender was 54 years old. Why do I know that? Because, she stated to another employee that "when you get to be 54 years old, you tell it like it is." Very specifically, she was referring to the fact that she could tell her employers how they should run things. Wow. The room was set up the wrong way for the event. The food was just plain bad. $9 at a Ponderosa would have been as good. However, this is the Swisshotel. Oh, let's go back to the bartender telling us, unsolicited, about all the problems with the hotel. Man, you just have to wonder how a place like this stays in business. $50 for valet. Ouch. Anyone asking you if you need something, like help? No. Does management make excuses? You bet. Do you ever want to hold an event here? Big no.
Just wanted to let everyone know if you are looking for a hotel with high rise construction next door the Swissotel Chicago is the one for you. My wife and I went there last year and there was just an empty lot next door, this year there is a loud construction site next door. So 8 am Saturday morning you will hear the workers starting. I am sure once the summer in Chicago comes around they will work all night. Just think as they keep adding floors you will be able to look the workers in the eye and wave from your room that used to have a view of the Navy Pier. Now you will get an up close and personal view of people pouring concrete. On top of it the hotel is doing construction of there own. The front of the hotel is block and lucky for us the protestors that are standing in front of the hotel were able to tell use where the new entrance was. The protestors were there because the Swissotel hired a company to redo their sound system that does not hire union workers. If you ask the workers about the noise and they say we can't hear it. I am sure the Swissotel does not want word getting out about this. If you insist on trying it for yourself don't pay for your room in advance they will not let you out of the room and then you are stuck.
The room was big and luxurious, befitting the price tag ($299). Bed was very comfortable. However, my bed was against the wall abutting the elevator shaft, and I heard the elevators running all night. Also held a one-day conference there for 25 people. They stuck us in a long, narrow room that was cramped. Also, the night before we had a pre-conference dinner at the Palm restaurant in the hotel. Service was so slow that some of our party left before entrees were served. And the steaks were only so-so, a far cry from my experience with other Palms.
Swissotel continues to be a *yawn* As previous posters state, punching in your floor is ridiculous. On the other hand, technology wise it could be helpful in routing ppl to different elevators (but if idiots like to cram into one elevator and leave the others free for me, why change)? In any case, I want to take a nice hot soak and--guess what--they are having water problems... SOOOOO disappointed. Hopefully I don't get bug bitten this time (checked under the sheets). Sadly, due to my company's deal, I think I have to stay here again next year *sigh*...but so far they are batting 1 star.... -------------- Oh boy, it must be my luck...or rather this hotel is just run down. I had to swap room FOUR TIMES. And that's for a Thurs nite-Sunday morning stay. My first room had no hot water so I had to switch rooms. They gave me the key to the 2nd room, which happened to be occupied. Luckily the occupants had their security latch on, so there wasn't any embarrassing moment. My third room was fine for 2 nights but then today (just now) I had to move because of water leakage (above my room and below my room). BOY, talk about an awful hotel (or my just awful luck???? Maybe it's karma since I wrote a bad review last year, and continue to write one...but it's the TRUTH). Oh, also last year may not have been bed bugs. I have checked the room and it looks bug free but I STILL get these itchy patches on my leg. Perhaps it is something in the sheets...or the air/HVAC.... in any case, despite the decent staff, it is a ONE at best (0 for hotel, 1 for the still nice service--since it's not their fault....) All I can say is ...THANK GOODNESS MY COMPANY WON"T HOLD THE CONFERENCE IN CHICAGO NEXT YEAR, or AT LEAST AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!
My husband and i made a reservation for 2sure nights but decided to stay just the second night. I called the hotel and spoke with Eric, he quickly canceled my reservation and i asked if we would be charged for thd cancellation, he said no and that was the end of it. My husband then remembered we needed to cancel from bookit.com as well. I called and they said the hotel wouldnt authorize a cancellation per the terms and agreement. I informed courtney from bookit.com that i specifically asked if we would be charged and i was told no by Eric. She spoke with the mgr Erica and she said Erica would honor that if i could provide a name. I got his name and callex back and he told the bookit consultant that he "didnt recall" saying that. I was so furious that i called him on 3the way with the bookit consultant and he just lied!!!!!!!!!!! He said, no ma'am i dont remember saying that. I said so since you dont remember thats it??? I said my husband heard him say it b/c he was on speaker phone since we were driving on the way there. I asked to speak to Erica, told her the situation and she said she cant go off of heresay and couldnt honor what her employee screwed up on. I asked him nicely to please tell the truth and he just would not tell thr truth. I have never writte. A review for a hotel before but i am going to go out of my way to make sure corporate sees this. Erica was very unprofessional and cared more about not taking sides than she did about making sure the guests feel welcome. VERY DISAPPOINTED!! WILL NEVER STAY AGAIN!!
The Swissotel is totally understaffed and lacking any charm or atmosphere. It was clean, comfortable and had great views but if you wanted to check-in, use the concierge, check-out, or report a problem to the front desk, forget about it. I booked this place through Priceline.COM so I can't complain too much as I didn't pay a lot for the room but I have stayed at 4 star hotels in the past as well as another Swissotel. It left a lot to be desired. The minibar fridge in my room didn't work so forget about a cold beer. Also, the internet/movie/guest services console didn't work so I had to go to the business office to access the internet. When it was time to checkout the console still wasn't working. It's better than the Holiday Inn but way below expectations for a 4 star hotel
Overall I had a VERY Bad experience when hosting a meeting for company, but when my parents came in from out of town and wanted to stay at the Swissotel, I thought we should give them another try. Turns out my first impression was correct, this is the LEAST friendly hotel I've ever been in! Even the concierge was rude and disagreeable. I could go on and on, but instead I'll just say GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
