My $200 Gucci sunglasses were stolen out of my bag on the 16th. I filed a report with the hotel security and am anxious to hear back from them. This was such a disappointment, as we liked the hotel and were having a great time in Chicago. Our room was really nice, with 2 bathrooms. We had 2 double beds and a comfortable hideaway bed. We had a great view of the lake and park. The hotel charged us $25 to check in early (10am).
This was a gorgeous hotel from the outside and in the lobby. However, when we reached the elevator things started to look quite dingy. Our bathrooms in our room had grout that was in need of a deep scrubbing and had an overall appearance of dirty. Wireless internet is available, but that's an additional fee. Are you kidding? Even the roach motel offers wireless for free! Also, the fitness room was available for only $15 per day. Wow, I thought the room rate was enough to cover that. When I used the coffee supplies in the room, they were not replenished. I called the next morning requesting more and was told that wasn't housekeeping's area but they would send some up. No kidding, nearly 90 minutes later I got the cream and sugar! Glad I wasn't in a big hurry. I'll definitely be staying next door for half the cost and a lot better accommodations the next time I'm in Chicago!
The hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly, however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking. Our air conditioning didn't seem to be working well, but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually... cool off. Our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one A.M. That was a fax, it happened 4 times. By this time we realized that the air was not working again, so after fussing with the controls it did kick on. The next morning I mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone, but didn't think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working. After being out seeing the sites of Chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . Our room was 78 degrees, I called and maintenience did come to check. After determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out. I feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel. Also was very surprised that WiFi was not a free service !! We will not be staying at the Hilton on our next trip to Chicago.
Going to the Internet Retailer 2010 at the last minute and this was the only hotel left available with shuttle services. First of all, from reading other reviews, now I know I got ripped @ $249 a night when Priceline folks are sniping these rooms for $79 (albiet, I got free wifi). The hotel is nice; but it can only get so nice for an oldie...no matter how much money you dump into it. Shower head was really low (I'm 6'1"), water pressure was low. It is in a decent part of town with a hype bar close by (check out reviews on Yelp!) For some off reason I ended up with two double beds (they asked me a few times if I was traveling alone). If traveling here: 1 - make sure you get a better deal than I did 2 - confirm your exact needs with reservation over the phone and in person 3 - Don't have super high hopes My room was neither up to par as a business class (although the 22nd floor is called the executive floor) nor was it a good fit for the romantic couple...it wasnt even spacious enough for those last minute get awayers (sp?) trying to save money.
I checked into this hotel, Rm 1760 on 11/13/2010. Next day, I woke up with bed bug bites, numerous, on my arm and back. We reported this to the management who assiged us to rm 1901 and promised to get the room inspected and "taken care of". I insisted that they get all my clothes laundered, which they did. Interestingly, no one from the management, other than the security guy who came when we first complained, even offered any apology for the inconvience. I missed couple of meetings that day. The next day, I called as I forgot something in the previous room, only to discover that the room was already assigned to the next guest. So much for reporting!
I expected a glamorous room and I walked into a disappointment. Housekeeping and Management must not be concerned with attention to detail at this hotel. If you like staying somewhere that the air in the rooms doesn't go down past 74, the closet is 24" wide, all old/dirty brass fixtures, beds that are a little bigger than a twin, showerheads that barely put out water, then this is your hotel. I might be spoiled by staying in Marriott's, but I stay in hotels 1/3 of the year and was severly disappionted. No free breakfasts or a room change will get me to stay here again.
I stayed at the Chicago Hilton because it was host to a conference I was attending. Before I arrived I tried to find out about the "In Room Fitness" program advertised on the corporate website. I called the 800 reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center. I explained that I was inquiring about the 'In Room Fitness' advertised on their website. She put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that I should call the property directly. I did and got the same response. I asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room. Again, this was a problem. When I arrived at the hotel, no treadmill was available. When I went to tour the fitness room the first night I found that they close at 9pm. When I returned to the center the next day I discovered that they charge $13 per day to use the fitness equipment. The pool, track and locker room are free, but to use the treadmills, etc. you have to pay $13 per day. This charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website, not in any of the guest service materials in the room. The food for the conference was mediocre, but the one room service meal I had was pretty good. During one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn't hear the speaker. The HVAC didn't work well in my room and I kept the windows open for most of my three night stay. The beds were comfortable with very nice linens. I tried to get a late checkout, which was offered on a card in my room. The woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour, not the 11-2pm range advertised in my room. The best service I received was from the folks in the Security office. The hotel does not have safes in guest rooms, so I became very friendly with Security office as I locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time I couldn't carry it out of the hotel. I visit Chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the Marriott properties. Only wish I had done so for this visit.
I stayed there on October 6, 2012. When I pulled the covers of my bed, there was a small dark brown insect the size of a grain of rice, which was either a bed bug or cockroach. I trapped it under a glass (see the attached pictures) and called the front desk. The housecleaning person claimed it was a cockroach. Absolutely horrible service by the hotel management to respond to the problem, failing to follow through on promises they made to me. Setting aside the bug problem, I caution that the windows are quite thin. We could hear a lot of the street noise, which made for a hard night's sleep, not to mention worrying about insects even after changing rooms. For $400 a night after tax, I strongly encourage you to check for alternatives.
I stayed at the Hilton Chicago last week and was very disappointed. The highlight of the stay was waiting 20 minutes for a bellman to come and get our luggage. Finally, my 72 year old mother, 8 year old son, and myself gave up and dragged it all down to valet parking ourselves - no easy task. The security guard was kind enough to hold the door for me. The valet parking attendants looked over and then ignored us. As far as I could tell, he was just standing there doing nothing. I couldn't let go of the bags without everything falling so I gave my son the parking receipt. The attendant pointed to where our car was parked - no short distance away. My 8 year old had to tell him to pull it up. They should have been ashamed. Less significant, but irritating issues. The pool is part of the Hilton Athletic club. Two lanes are reserved for adults wanting to lap swim. Basically, two adults can take up 2/3rds of the pool while everyone else is consigned to the leftover 1/3rd. This is ridiculous and very family unfriendly. In addition, the pool closes at 9 p.m. What pool closes at 9? We stayed for 3 nights. Not one single additional bar of soap, bottle of shampoo, or coffee stirrers.
I stayed at the Hilton Chicago because I was attending a conference at the hotel. The room was sufficient - had a coffee maker, bed, hangers, tv, etc. That's about where my compliments end: *restaurant rates are outrageous. $21 for a breakfast buffet? $25 to use the gym? $7.50/hr for WiFi!?!?! This is unacceptable when I'm paying $249 per night. Thank goodness the ice was free. *servers in the restaurant and bar were surly, not well-versed in English, and just rude. *computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night *conference was incredibly cold...everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time, despite our complaints to management. *fridge in room was not usable. had to store cold items in the ice bucket. *Cable channels just flat out SUCKED. I was soooo bored when I had to spend an hour in my room. If I'm paying that much, at least provide the full 70 channels.
Elegant lobby, comfy beds, nice sheets but, we were given a (not fancy, a little dated) room on the 5th floor which had a view of the monstrous venting structure, and was located off the lobby so we heard the elevator all night. At the Hilton, one is charged for Internet access on each device per hour. (We stayed in the middle of Ohio and received total access for free.) We didn't drink the $6.00 water or try the $28. Breakfast buffet. The staff was friendly, but of course you tip for a smile. They did give us a cot for free as we had asked for a room with a fold-out couch as we were a party of 5. Didn't use the gym or pool on the 8th floor, but looked nice (small pool.) No view of the water possible, though we were right at Grant Park. We tried to view the fireworks from a higher story, no such luck. ...read more
Months prior to my 5-night reservation with the Hilton Chicago I requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light, facing an open view, not a close building. (The reservation was made through a conference travel agency.) I confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record. She told me it would be difficult to find, but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me. I was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers, tucked into a very dark corner, facing a wall of rooms. I called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request, but to "sit tight" and someone would call me. No one did. Further calls yielded similar results. At one point I was told I could have a "parlor room," with a sofa bed, at a reduced rate, but I could not go see the room before committing to moving. That's real hospitality for you. Worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave, I ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room. (I had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds.) The only redeeming feature of the room was that it had 2 bathrooms. Other than that, it was tight quarters with a tiny closet, two uncomfortably low chairs, at the desk and in a (dark) corner. Light fixtures didn't do much to brighten things up. Since I was here at a conference, I really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail, but instead I got a cave. Consequently, I spent as little time as possible in the room and next time I am in Chicago, conference or not, I will absolutely stay at another hotel. There are much better locations that the Hilton Chicago and looking at the percentage of "inside tower" rooms, places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service. Shame on the Chicago Hilton.
I recently stayed here for the Chicago triathlon. This was my third stay at this hotel. I have not had any issues until this visit. After the 3rd day of my stay I requested my room to be serviced and returned to what I thought was a clean room. While getting out of bed I was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet. I must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because I found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards. I had not noticed it before so I was very disgusted. We notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped. We returned to the room after 5pm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor. After making a complaint to the customer service I have gotten no reply from the hotel. Considering the price point of this downtown hotel I would think that they would try to live up the 5 star rating but instead they have failed miserably. Luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown Chicago.
Our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke. We were not allowed to change rooms. Also, the concierge staff was unprofessional, telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed. The location was great. Hotel is dated, but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren't for customer service issues.
I stay in Chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the Chicago Hilton. I pretty much only stay at Hilton properties and have stayed at tons from Hawaii all the way to Budapest. This Hilton is not up to par. It's clean and the front desk staff is nice, but in Chicago, The Drake, Doubletree Guest Suites, and even the Hilton Garden Inn are all superior to the Chicago Hilton (and less expensive). Compared to other Hilton properties in Chicago, the rooms were not as well appointed, the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice, the TV was tiny, the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long, and the breakfast you get was more like a Hampton Inn than a 4 star hotel. If you're going to Chicago and you like Hilton brand hotels, you can do far better than this place.
My sister and I stayed on the 22nd floor, there was a refrigerator in the hallway for the first three nights, beat up and old dorm style. It was not until we told the concierge that we were going to post the picture we took of it on Tripadvisor did the thing get removed. Breakfast dishes left outside rooms will stay on the floor for a day or two routinely. All night there are chimes that make noise, that are supposed to be comformting or relaxing and rather they are just annoying. There is no wifi - no matter what they tell you, I paid for the wifi, and still we were unable to get on. Lastly, my sister and I split the bill, I had already paid for the first night in form of a deposit and they gave her the credit. Room cost with city taxes etc. was 313.69 a night. I know the Comfort Inn just a few blocks away is significantly cheaper! So while the View was wonderful, it is NOT worth the money.
When I called to edit my existing reservation, I was placed on hold for 30 minutes! Finally someone came on the phone and said, "Ill have to transfer you", so I was put on hold for another 5 minutes. When I finally did get to speak to someone, as I was going through my changes, I asked her to send me a revised copy of the reservation to which she huffed and acted very put off. Before she was able to disconnect with me, I said "I have one more question" to which she replied "I'm working at the front desk and I have customers waiting!" I thought, so am I not your customer? pathetic and rude. Hotel better find some better employees for their guests to truly enjoy their stay.
Visiting during a busy 2day conference in Chicago. Most hotels booked solid. The full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers. Everyone is complaining about service, cleanliness, and overall experience. Location is good. Hotel is tired. Employees surly. Too many cool properties to choose from in this town, will never stay here again and will re-think Hilton in general
It's not a bad hotel. It's just so...disappointing. As a Diamond member, I expect slightly more than a room with two double beds with no view. I'm not distraught over this, but come on. Ditto the continental breakfast in the executive lounge, which has nothing but fattening pastries, bagels and cereal. Low-level Hampton Inns have a free breakfast that puts this to shame. And what's with the lounge not opening until 6:30am? Business travelers often need to be GONE by 6:30, not sitting down to their meager breakfast. The in-room wifi is a pain to access, and I somehow got stuck with the $19.99 plan even though I selected the basic plan. (Don't get me started on how a $89/night Hampton Inn can offer free wifi and a full-service Hilton & Towers seemingly can't...). Finally, what's with the two bathrooms per one hotel room? It's an unseemly waste of space, especially when the rooms are so meager. And the gold-plated bathroom fixtures scream 1992, not 2009, as does the picture-tube TV (vs. flat panel). Overall, this is a huge disappointment over which Conrad should be ashamed.
Had a week long stay at the Hilton on south Michigan while attending a meeting. The hotel has some elegance in the lobby, meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating. I would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch. My car was misplaced during valet parking, our reservations were messed up, hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items (room service, a new coffee pot, laundry) that wasn't ours. I would not stay at this property again. There are much better places for the money in close proximity to Michigan Ave. It is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at Faulty Towers.
My parents booked five nights at The James for its location and good reviews. They had a terrible first night with defective air conditioning and not much sympathy from the management staff. They sent engineers three times to repair the unit, and they insisted that it was getting cooler when it wasn't, under the rationale that the summer temperature is high and the filter was dirty. At my parents' request, the hotel staff moved them to a lower floor with a queen instead of a king and with neither a rate discount nor an effort to compensate them for the inconvenience and discomfort. The hotel insisted they were fully booked and reluctantly gave them that room. Don't book this hotel in the summer. And by the way, there is no view at all from any of the rooms - except for the windows of other buildings.
We ate at the Prime House restaurant last year, that is why we picked the hotel. Last year the food and service at the Prime House was outstanding. This year the service felt rushed. The waitress even asked why we were eating so early. It was 6:30pm. Our room in the hotel felt cramped. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom had maintenance problems. The maid service and turndown out night was good. All of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. I just was not impressed by the quality of the hotel itself for what we were paying.
Just returned from the James Hotel after staying at the Park Hyatt. I have stayed at most Chicago Hotels: Pennisula, Four Seasons, The Ritz, Fairmont etc. Had heard a little about the James and the Primehouse at the James. We paid MORE for the room at the James then at any of the above mentioned hotels. What a disappoitment! The room we stayed in had 2 double beds. The toilet broke and overflowed, the tub didnt drain while showering and the HUGE bathroom door that was almost too heavy to close broke several times. The closet had no door but a curtain to close and no drawer space for clothes at all. The room was very small and non descript. Much like staying at an IKEA but without the color. Windows to outside terribly dirty and the elevators dirty and small. The staff however was top notch and exceptionally helpful and friendly. The room had a huge 52" plasma TV that was nice. There is NO way this hotel is 4 star yet. The room rate close to $500.00 a night was WAY of of line. We paid more here than any of the above mentioned hotels. The rate should have been about half of that.
I recently returned from a trip to Chicago with my husband and baby and another couple and their baby. While the room at the hotel was quite nice we had a very negative experience with the front desk staff including managers. When we arrived it took over an hour to check in. We had requested two rooms on the same floor, which the hotel staff had confirmed a number of times prior to our arrival. When we arrived they could not accommodate us and offered nothing to us to make up for it. Eventually after we persisted they gave us half off for our room for one of the three nights we were there. We also asked the concierge to make us a reservation for brunch at a restaurant that would accommodate 4 adults and two babies in strollers. When we got to the restaurant they had only a reservation for 4 adults and had to make special arrangements to fit the babies in. We also had asked the hotel to make us an appointment for a personal shopper at Bloomingdales in order for us to save time shopping. We filled out forms in advance to direct the shopper and when we arrived for our appointment Bloomingdales advised us that they had only received the applications moments before and had not pulled together our requests. After complaining again to the manager at the hotel of these disappointments she advised that she would send something up to our room to compensate. This "something" never arrived. We will not be making a return visit to this hotel. While the housekeeping staff, location and room were quite nice the over all experience was very negative.
Very disapointed in the service and quality of this hotel. I travel quite frequently to chicago and have never had this happen at any other 4 star hotel. I reserved a king bed. At checkin I was informed they were out of kings and basically offered no type of compensation or upgrade. When i arrived at the room the air conditioner door was open and rattled all night. The TV did not work. Had to call for service. The following day returned from work at 6pm and found the room had not even been serviced. Stay somewhere else.
Me, My sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of 2004...they said there all spacious suites...yeah right...our room you could barely walk in...and they said theres 2 double beds...yeah well one was a pull out couch...and the bathroom...tiny tiny tiny...and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room...yeah...i wouldnt stay here again
I stayed in a Deluxe King Suite. No desk to work at or to sit at to eat room service meals. The only table was coffee table height and the couch was some strange futon that was lower than the coffee table (!) and canted forward. Incredibly uncomfortable to sit at and ridiculous for room service meals or to work at computer. Since my room was configured like all the other Deluxe King Suites depicted in on line photos, I have to assume this design flaw with the couch/futon runs throughout the property. Bed was fine and bath was fine but I can't imagine why business travelers would rate this property well. The couch/futon seating is the worst I've encountered in a modern hotel.
This hotel does not belong in the same league as The Peninsula, Four Seasons, or Ritz Carlton. It was more like staying at an overpriced W Hotel. Staff was very nice and attentive, but the lobby is cramped, and only two small elevators for 17 floors!! Several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor, and we were forced to take the stairs. The hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews.
I haven't actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service. I visit Chicago quite often and usually stay at the InterContinental, but yesterday I read some online articles advertising The James Hotel's "Cyber Monday Special". The promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website, the hotel will match that amount in "James Credits" that can be used toward your stay. None of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits. My next trip to Chicago is in April, so I thought I'd give The James a try. I travel frequently with my pet and I've heard they have a very liberal pet-policy. So today I went online and bought a $500 certificate. Me, having the one track mind that I do, somehow missed the part about the credits expiring March 31, 2010. I realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament. I said I couldn't be in Chicago until April (I'm overseas on business until then), and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month, or it not, refund my gift certificate purchase. I had only just made the purchase minutes before and hadn't even recieved my email confirmation yet. Most businesses offer a 24 hr grace period. The girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying "too bad, it's your problem now". She didn't even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all. So now that I know this is the kind of service I can expect from The James, I might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel, or try Hotel Monaco. I hear they have great service and are good with pets too.
This hotel was not worth it. From the moment we walked into the hotel lobby through check out, the staff were rude and contemptuous. Rooms were only serviceable, and certainly did not live up to the pompous self-descriptions on the website. The bathroom porthole and sliding door were odd and inconvenient. The 'fitness centre' was tiny and poor. We would not come here again.
We had a reservation for 3 rooms with 5 adults and 2 kids, got only 2 rooms on arrival. 2 of the corner rooms with an extra room. During the night it was very cold and we were not able to change the a.c., even though we switched it off, it went on cooling, strange! At night it was very loud from the street. In the morning they uploaded something infront of our window and I stood vertically in the bed, not what you need, if you only spend 1 night in a hotel. We came here a few years ago and had it better in mind. The area is in good walking distance to all famous shopping places, very good. Clean and fancy. Sorry, but next time we`ll be looking for a more quiet hotel in Chicago.
In the 100 degree heat of a Chicago summer, it sucks if your air conditioner does not work. After 2 maintenance men attempted to rectify the issue I was offered a portable fan which on low speed sound as if a helicopter was hoovering over my room. I requested a room change and a not so polite, unsympathetic night front desk attendant stated that was not possible because the hotel was at capacity. Maybe a manager could help me in the morning. The next day went by and no call was received. At 7pm, I called the front desk. No one was aware of my problem. Approximately 45 minutes later, a manager returned my call and stated a double room was available. I accepted it was glee. Anything was better than a room that does not cool below 78 degrees in the middle of summer. I was paritally correct. The bathroom door of the new room did not close. Thank god my boyfriend and I are past the shy part of the relationship. As for room 1618, I believe I was not the first guest to complain about the air conditioner. What's unfortunate is they continued to place guests into this room. And did not offer any reufunds or perks for my sleepless night in the sauna! This hotel need a major overhaul!!
We stayed at the James hotel for a 40th birthday. The location was excellent for shopping and restaurants, but also very loud. The room was horrible. VERY SMALL. We had a double/double and it was the size of a college dorm room, plus completely white walls and linens. Absolutely no color except for one accent pillow. It was very sterile and uninviting. We were on the 11th floor and the lobby for the elevator was dark and done in red and balck with minimal lighting. It looked like the entrance to hell, if not a haunted house. Staff was very nice and accomodating. I would not return to this hotel.
While the James was once considered an elegant, chic establishment, it has lost its luster. The small rooms are filled with cheap Ikea type furnishings, Our tiny bathroom flooded with water that escaped the shower curtain. Showers and flushings from neighboring rooms sounded more like protective levies collapsing. The 2 small elevators could not handle the guests, and many of us were forced to walk down several flights of stairs rather then wait for extended periods of time. The thin windows could not contain street noise and sidewalk conversations were heard throughout the night. It was rather provocative to listen to the couple next door carousing, but also rather tacky & unsettling. It took more then 30 minutes for the valet to bring our car after we checked out. This hotel has lost it and the James sysndicate will have a difficult time competing in New York's Soho when they try to open in September. New Yorkers will not tolerate shabby incompetence.
I just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel. I had requested a high floor, quiet room. Neither request was honored. The windows are not well insulated, because the traffic, car horns and sirens continued all night long. On the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway. The safe in our room did not work. Someone had locked it before our arrival. One of the pictures under the tv had been removed, leaving a screw sticking out of the wall. The lights are so dim, that is next to impossible to read. A small alcove with a stained bench had a "reading light" that was about 50 watts. Our room key cards didn't work, so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them. Upon returning to our room, they didn't work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff. The bathroom is small and has no fan, so the steam covers the mirrors, and unless you leave the bathroom door open, it does not clear. On Friday night one small cookie was left in our room. What about a second guest. Are we supposed to split a 2 inch diameter cookie???!!!! On Sunday the phone rang with a 7 am wakeup call. We had not requested to be woken up!!!! The concierge did not know the way to get to O'Hare by train, and gave us a longer route than was necessary. I have stayed in much better hotels in Chicago...quieter and more spacious, more elegant and worth the money. This is definitely not worth $400 a month. (By the way, I live in Washington, DC and am used to city noise. This was unacceptable!)
First, several day s prior to my stay, I called and spoke at length with the concierge and made a breakfast order for room-service Saturday and Sunday. Saturday they didn't bring breakfast - and when I called room-service they stated they never got the advance order from the concierge. When they finally did bring it - they brought the wrong thing.. and then brought the wrong order again on Sunday. I was further inconvenienced by in-room dining staff when we ordered room service Saturday night. The food was limp and uninspired. Further, I ordered soup - which arrived without a spoon. When I called in-room dining to request a spoon, I was told one would be forthcoming. 15 minutes later, a waiter arrived with a menu. When I explained I already had food and I didn't need a menu - I needed a spoon, he had the audacity to argue with me. I respectfully requested he return with a spoon and he agreed to do so. Another 15 minutes (and one bowl of cold soup) later I decided to call in-room dining back to request (again) they send someone with a spoon. They too argued with me and expressed that they'd already sent someone with a spoon. I explained that they had not - that I had received a menu I didn't request, but that no spoon was forthcoming. Another 15 minutes later, a spoon finally arrived. Thanks - for charging me $100+ so that I could argue over cold, flavorless food. In addition to the gross customer service, surly attitude, and sorry food, I found the room woefully lacking. It reeked exhaust fumes so much so that on Saturday night I woke up from the smell. Further, I had specifically requested when I booked the reservation that you keep me away from the elevators... I was right next to the elevators and had the displeasure of listening to them ding all night long as other guests came and went.
I have stayed at the James a few times, it is my go to hotel in Chicago. This last trip makes me think it is time to start looking for other options. The Good: Location is awesome, just off Michigan Ave, Trader Joe's across street for some healthier snacking. It is a great location, easy to walk most anywhere. The door staff are very friendly and helpful. The overall feeling is modern, upbeat. Turn down service with cookie is nice. Free Wifi (which worked to varying degrees throughout stay) The Bad: They claim to be a 4.5 star hotel, which to me, means better then a 4 star and online with a 5 star (without a pool). They used to have Kiehls toiletries and now have "Harmony" brand. Additionally, they now have the large bottles attached to the wall which you get to share with the other guests that stayed in the room before you. It is what I would expect from Holiday Inn or my gym, but not a 4.5 star hotel. I asked about the switch (mainly because when I booked they still had Kiehls in website description) and they claimed that the reason they went the communal bottle route was to be "green". That is hard to believe, as it's not like the hotel is making other efforts to be green (they still have incandescent light bulbs, housekeeping leaves the lights and radio on when they do turn down, they don't recycle in room, etc). They are obviously trying to cut costs, and it shows. More: the rooms are in need of some updating, they are looking somewhat tired. My third floor room was quite loud with the motorcyclers trying to prove their manhood out front (not their fault). Don't take the stairs (as the stairwell is straight out of horror movie), even though the wait for one of the two elevators might be awhile. The phone staff was fairly rude (granted, they didn't like me questioning their toiletry change). I feel bad giving such a low rating, but it really did not come close to my expectations (from previous stays there). I will start trying out new hotels in the area.
My in-laws booked a one night stay for New Years Eve for the two of us to stay at the James. To be brief there were a few things wrong with our stay which will prevent us from returning and advising our friends not to stay there. 1) Shoddy construction of room fixtures: ceiling light was missing leaving a fist-sized hole with wires exposed, BOTH towel racks fell off the wall without being touched, and bathroom door often came off it's sliding mechanism with gentle use. 2) When we reported these problems, employees simply put the towel racks back on the wall without properly adhering them to the wall. 3) Upon check-out, they did not have record of my in-laws paying for our stay, though it was noted on our reservation that they had made it for us. We had to pay for our ($300) gift and the in-laws were extremely upset. When we wrote a letter to management (as a manager was not available to speak with us when we left) we did not receive an adequate apology.
The hotel definitely doesn't match its 4.5 rating. The receptionist was very unhelpful and dishonest, and I don't feel welcome at all. I booked a non-smoking room, but upon arrival, the receptionist told me that there was no non-smoking room left. Of course he was lying. I argued with him for 5 minutes, before he reluctantly gave me a non-smoking room. At checkout, they tried to charge me $40 upgrade fee each day, because I requested a non-smoking room. This was completely ridiculous. I had to go argue with the receptionist again before they agreed to take away the charges. The room was quite small, the TV was broken, so I had to call someone to fix the TV. Then the wireless network banned my IP address, so I had to talk to their tech-support -- the tech support was quite friendly, knowledgeable and helpful -- I guess this was the only bright point of the stay.
My husband and I were there for a conference and had booked the room thru their website, when called to confirm had us down for only 1 night instead of 4, easily changed. First morning cold,cold shower, didn't complain,next day fine. Phone did not work, called every day to complain, and every day said it would be fixed when got back to room, never was. No dial tone, unable to call restaurant, or call for car or call for room service. Finally, on last night someone came to our room while we were there and did fix it. The hotel is beautiful, rooms great and everyone was so nice, even when I was complaining they were nice. Great gym area also, and love the restaurant. BUT, for the money I could easily find another hotel just as nice with a working phone.
I stayed at the hotel during the Dave Matthews Caravan tour and would come home each night rather dusty/dirty from being at an outdoor concert with 200,000 of my closest friends. I used half a bottle of shampoo the first night. The second night, the staff had not refreshed my bar soap or shampoo. I informed the front desk who made apologies and said they would take care of it immediately. I got home that night with a tiny tiny bar of soap (hand soap) for the bath/shower and they had replaced the shampoo in its original place, nicely displayed, but with the EXACT SAME bottle of shampoo that was now 1/8 full. Yeah!! The hotel is in a great location to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave....I'll grant them that....but that's where their "pros" end. I'd rather stay at a Hampton Inn. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
While overall a decent property, the incident I had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel. I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights, checking out on Monday, March 19th. Shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet, my partner and I noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that wasn't present upon checking in. We had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay. I called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at Park One (their valet company) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within 48 hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival, and was scraped upon departure from the garage. The garage manager, Mike Yunan, didn't call back until I had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel, Marco Scherer. When he finally got back to me, the garage manager stated that he would file an "incident report" and claim with his insurance company, Travelers, which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff wouldn't admit fault or liability, nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage, which could have verified that the damage wasn't present upon check-in, but was at check-out. Their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location, contradicting the garage manager. In the end, this Kimpton InTouch guest got stuck with a $1,000 bill for parking at this Kimpton property: an almost $500 paint scrape on top of a $48/per day parking fee, rental car expenses, several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue, and one gigantic headache. In the end, do NOT trust the valets or staff at this hotel, and take your business elsewhere if at all possible.
My first stay at this hotel and was expecting good things based on reviews. For some reason, I kept being disappointed at every turn. Noisy room on the 4th floor. Could not get the room to cool down - it was stifling. BE WARNED - No water, no mini-bar no vending machine, no nothing once you get in your room. You might as well be in prison. They have coffee in the morning, but it starts at 6 so I had to wait both days. I guess that is convenient for them, but what about me? Workout facility - pretty small but not the smallest. The only treadmill I could get on was broken. Guess what a cooler with water in it! Oh no - it was only stocked for one day. After that nothing. Way to set expectations and then fail to deliver. Same with towels - one day they have them - next day they don't. They essentially forced me to sign up for their loyalty program to avoid a riduculous $10 charge for wireless (go a few doors down to Starbucks where it is free). They should fire the marketing moron who came up with that approach. I have stayed at much better for less. Won't be coming back.
I have stayed in hotels all over the world, and this is probably the worst service that I've ever experienced. The staff was unaccomodating and the hotel did not provide the services that it claimed it would. I decided to try the Monaco because it seemed interesting, was close to the theater, and had what seemed to be a good rate. What a huge mistake. The front desk staff was condescending and not even remotely helpful. The room was not clean, the gold fish we had requested came many hours after we told them we would be arriving, they never bothered to come turn down the beds, and the late check-out "priviledges" which were guarenteed when I booked the room suddenly became "upon request" - boy the extra 30 minutes they gave me sure were helpful. Dont' waste your time or your money here. At best, it's nothing special. Personally, I like the Fairmont in Chicago, but anyplace woudl be better than the Monaco.
We got a spanking deal at this hotel for $99 a night. It's in a good location to the Loop. Excellent transportation options abound. My gripe comes from the fact that we were obviously put in a "crappy" room. It overlooked the back of the building and the roof of a building next to us. The toilet in the room was not bolted to the floor. Other than that, if I needed to stay in the Loop again for something and I knew I wasn't going to be put in a undesirable room, I would stay here again.
We stayed at Hotel Monaco and upgraded to a suite. I was disappointed with the room layout, and shabby furniture. I bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground. The make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work, the TV reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the $450 we spent there. Next time, we will go back to Trump Tower across the street, which is far superior to Hotel Monaco.
First let me say, the front office people at Hotel Monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what I'd hoped. There are some other problems; the furnishings are quite rundown, and housekeeping wasn't very helpful. We booked a suite and the sofa bed, chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use. I've attached pictures, so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows. Comfortable it was not! The chair bottom is all broken down too. I invited one of the Assistant Managers to view our furniture, and a slight adjustment was made in our rate. As to housekeeping, we had ordered an in-room coffee service (which Kimpton's web site says is there, but you have to specifically request) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee. We had to call the front desk every day. And, housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl. I had requested water be added to the bowl when I noticed it going down and my note was disregarded. These things may not matter to you, but if you plan to spend a week, like we did, you might want to be comfortable. The bedroom and bathroom were superior; just the living room was bad.
Over-hyped and over-priced. The fact that they have a complimentary wine reception every night at 5 doesnt take away from the fact that they have terrible beds and the place isnt as clean as it should be for a 4 star hotel. The hallways smelled like a dog parlor and the carpets in my room look like they hadn't been cleaned...well, ever. The decorative pillows on my bed were so filthy they were actually stained brown and looked like they had been sitting outside for everyone to use and then put back on my bed. The decor of the hotel was nice and eclectic but it wasnt enough to convince me to ever stay here again. The bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have every tried to sleep on. I couldnt sleep the whole week that I stayed there. It was hard and lumpy and the pillows were tiny. my final say is that it is an over priced Holiday Inn.....
Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere, primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service, beverages like water or soda at the wine bar, coffee and papers in the morning, help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things, the staff was not helpful, either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman, the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child, I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
I reserved the "Rock star" suite for my boyfriend's birthday months and months in advanced. When we arrived at the Hotel Monaco, they told us that they doubled booked the room. This was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available. They tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn't even use. I felt we were taken advantage of because we were young. The doorman didn't make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn't the first time they did this for the "rock star" suite. However, the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake I ordered. If it wasn't for the room confusion - It would have been a wonderful stay.
The service was reasonably well...they seemed to have my reservation and checked me in fairly easily. The location was fine being that it was central to the city but I found out that it was also a tremendous drawback. It was interesting that the survey I took at the hotel in order to obtain internet access at the hotel asked what my most important quality was in a hotel visit and my response "Quiet". My visit was anything but, mainly attributed to the fact that they put me on the second floor, facing the street. I awoke at 4 a.m. and never did return to sleep because of the constant street noise and screeching of the L train that sounded as though it was just outside my window. Not the most conducive for a restful sleep prior to an important meeting. At check-out when I informed the hotel clerk of my dissatisfation he chuckled and said, " Ah, city noise."
We enjoyed the Hotel Monaco. Great location for walking and beautiful rooms. The staff was so friendly and we especially enjoyed the wine reception and getting to meet other guests. Will definitely stay there again!
Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco. We have stayed many times elsewhere, primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service, beverages like water or soda at the wine bar, coffee and papers in the morning, help with bags. Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things, the staff was not helpful, either. Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there. YOu got the feeling you were "bothering" people if you asked a question. No bellman, the doorman did not open the door or help with bags. Even though we were traveling with a child, I had to request a fish when they did not bring it. Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington.
I am staying here now and actually am compelled to write this review before I fall asleep. The front desk staff were brief and one of them was chatting with her friend (gossiping) as I checked in (VERY unprofessional). The room she offered me was on a 'high' floor (5th.... HA) and when I checked in there was a big bag of grapes left behind by the previous guest on the window sill and some of the previous guests hair in the bathtub....I was DONE. Called down and had them re-clean the room; they made no offer to compensate or upgrade...not even a bottle of wine. The front desk clerk suggested I come down and get a key to another room (like I have time for that). Disappointing as I do like Kimpton hotels and am a Kimpton In Touch member (btw they've done away with the amenities...you just get a free item from the mini bar).
Excellent Hotel ! Rooms and service were great. A great value ! I have been to places that are not as good for nearly twice the price. Good location. Close to the L and short walk to rental car service. Restaurants in the area a bit of a disappointment, but the shopping was great. Area recommendations Great theatre, restaurants, museums and shopping.
My wife and I brought our daughter downtown for a blowout "American Girl" Weekend and chose the Monaco because of it's glowing reviews. We arrived late and maybe that's when they put out their second-stringers, but we felt unwelcome by the desk staff--like we were an intrusion. I'll never understand this--they're in the hospitality business and they're inhospitable! (This is getting picky, but the reception desk which is cleverly designed to look like a vintage Louis Vuitton trunk needs some maintenance. The repeated "HM" initials are peeling off--looks like they used rub-downs where they should have silk screened for durability). When we got to our room we found the maid's ratty work shoes at the foot of the bed (yuck!). I'm still trying to figure out that scenario. There were no ashes--so I've ruled out spontaneous combustion. Also, to the disappointment of my daughter, the much-advertised goldfish was MIA. The bellhop (who apologized for the shoes) explained that they take away the fish when they turn down the bed "...is that OK?" he said. I think the proper response at a hotel like this would have been to bring up a stinking 35C/ fish to make a tired 5-year-old happy. On the up side, the rooms are nice and have an over-the-top decoration that my daughter loved ("I'd like to live here!" she said). The bed is VERY comfortable--my wife wants the same brand now. The bathroom is nicely appointed with quality materials and good strong shower--except for the cheap fall-apart-while-you're-using-it toilet paper. Come on Kimpton! How much can a decent roll cost? The view towards the river is great (try to get one) and my daughter loved the upholstered wide ledge by the window--she closed the curtains and was in her own "club house" watching the world go by from from high above the city. In short: very nice hotel--desk staff at night could be nicer (wouldn't cost anything and would have made up for the maid's shoes!)
This was a refreshing change from the ordinary. I loved the location, the service and the amenities offered by this hotel. The room was charming with a window seat and a water view. The decor was unique but cheerful. Free wireless internet services were a plus here. The staff was helpful and attentive. We loved having goldfish share our room! I would definitely stay here again.
If you love Brick Walls and Alleyways, then this view is for you. I asked for a room facing the river, I get a room facing a Brick Wall. That really pissed me off. From all the great reviews, I was expecting better. Before I came here, I stayed in a Hyatt in NYC, and that was awesome. There was nothing about the hotel that blew me away. The wine hour was ok. I was hoping there would be something better food, but I guess that's why it's a wine hour. I ordered room service one night. There wasn't really anywhere to eat it, so I had to eat it on my bed to watch tv. This was my first time coming to Chicago, and I think it will be my last. Just thoroughly disappointed.
Don't stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation. About 3 months ago, we booked a room here for our wedding night (which is in less than 2 weeks). My fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades, no discounts. Apparently it is my problem that their manager can't manage the convention schedule. I don't even want to stay at another Kimpton Hotel because I don't find their reservation system reliable. Unfortunately, due to the conference, there isn't any other place to stay.
Very centrally located in the Loop directly south of the 7th Day Adventist Church (my room looked down upon Wacker Drive, the aforementioned church and the Chicago River. Small room, virtually no storage space. Attended a conference with the Monaco as venue. They provided adequate service, with no problems. This was the first time I spent with a Kimpton Hotel and I registered for their Frequent Stay program. I never felt comfortable in this hotel. I'm 60 yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age. Rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender. The young people can have at it. I'll stay at the Marriott Michigan Ave next time.
This hotel is totally overrated. Yes, the location is awesome, but there are plenty of other nearby hotel options. The customer service, or lack thereof, was particularly disappointing. Why are they paying anywhere from 2 - 8 doormen yet none of them can ever actually open the door for a lady? Even when her hands are full. The housekeeping staff couldn't figure out our preferences even after we left them a daily note explicitly stating such along with a tip -every day. Why ask what newspaper we want with our morning room service when you don't bring it anyway. As stated previously, the location is great. Location, however, does not make up for the complete lack of customer service and inattentiveness from staff. I would not stay here again.
i valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror. They admitted it was their fault, and now they won't pay the $500 to fix it because we can't prove it was not broken before!!! the hotel is wonderful, the rooms are new and nice, but we will never stay here again because of this....Be sure to inspect your car before you leave!
I had my wedding ceremony and reception at the Sofitel. It seems as though I had the same experience as "Judy L." I read her review and thought "that's exactly what happened to me!" Here's what happened: The good news: The actual event was great. Most notably, the food was absolutely incredible; I think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food. The same goes for the cake, which was made by Take the Cake. The service by the waiters and other staff was also very good. The bad news: Michelle, the Director of Catering, honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare. While we were negotiating the contract, she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls; after the contract was signed, it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered, to schedule the tasting, etc. She frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email, and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until I called her a second or third time. I assumed things would get better within the month--or even the week--prior to my wedding, but they actually got even worse. Michelle just could not get it together, and if it weren't for my wedding coordinator's assistance in forcing her to finally get things right, I don't know what would have happened. Thus, if it weren't for Michelle's inability to do her job, I would have had a great experience. But, as it is, when I think back about my experience with the Sofitel, I unfortunately have very negative thoughts. And that's incredibly disappointing, considering it was a major part of the best night of my life.
I disliked the Sofitel so much we changed our week stay to the Grand Hyatt after the first night. We checked into our suite and was blasted by the smell of body odor immediately. We were tired from our flight, but went downstairs to change rooms. The second suite smelled just as bad, but stayed anyway. I disliked the hotel lobby, the staff, the decorating, and especially the bed. HORRIBLE. Soft, flimsy mattress. We come to Chicago frequently. We have always stayed at the Grand Hyatt and never been disappointed. We just thought we'd try some place new. Never again. Back to the Hyatt or Four Season we go!
I was surprised by the fact that there were no extra sheets or blankets to make up the hide a bed. I called the desk and asked for some and they said that I couldn't have any and that only the maid could come and set up the bed. My husband was ill and I wanted the bed set up so I wouldn't disturb him. but they were un moved and wouldn't bring the sheets. I ended up sleeping on the mattress with bath towels over it and another bath towel as a blanket. They could have given me a set of sheets and a blanket, I didn't pay that much a night to sleep on a bare mattress. Seriously! Lack of concern for the customer.
The hotel is in a good location. It is very contemporary in decoration. Beautiful flowers in lobby. The room service was very good. Concierge services were also very good. We were treated well. The shower water pressure was very poor. Also, at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us, which we were charged for the 3rd night when our room was actually prepaid. It was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel. Bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers/food. read more
A lovely hotel in a trendy part of Chicago which gives it a much more comfortable feel than the downtown hotels. The rooms are very, very well appointed, but not large, and the quality of the materials is wonderful without exception. Unfortunately, the service was below average in every way: they failed to deliver laundry by an important and assured deadline; valets didn't deliver the car and had to be asked twice; the concierge gave us miserable directions that got us lost, and the front desk was unable to rectify any issue. It amazed me that so much incompetence could happen in 6 hours! And even after recognizing their shortcomings, not one sincere or significant apology. A poster child of how bad service cannot overcome a well-built, well-furnished hotel.
I would not recommend this hotel. Although it is in a good area, the room was very small and is getting rather dated. The room had extensive damage. The paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling. The wood work in the bathroom looked like it had been chewed on. There was mold and stains on the bathroom tile. The room was very small. There was not room for a sofa. Just a small faded chair and ottoman. The carpet had stains on it. Also, the bed was comfortable, but there was not a top sheet, just the bottom sheet and a comforter. Overall I was not satisfied with the hotel for the price that was charged. I have stayed in other hotels in the area that provided much more space, cleanliness, and value for the money paid.
I have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel. I had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift. When my parents arrived, they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly. My parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip. Additionally, my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured 3 times that his room was non-smoking. When my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop. When my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured 3 times that the room was non-smoking. NEVER AGAIN.
I stayed in this hotel during a business trip, and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar, a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet. Security was informed, but I was told that I had to wait to talk to them. After about twenty minutes of waiting I was informed that if I did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident, despite the fact that I was a hotel guest. Unfortunately I had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait. Long story short, I no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone, anyone would have talked to me about it. I've since been on the phone with a manager, who promised to call me back once she researched the incident, and have yet to hear back, despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago. I expected more from this hotel.
October 3rd, 2007 My wife and I stayed at The Sofitel toward the end of September 2007. The hotel is VERY modern. The room was immaculate, but the furiture looked as though it came from IKEA. It was chipped in many places. The light switches were difficult to find, and the HVAC made noise. However, the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was large and well maintained. Housekeeping brought us as many towels as we wanted. The restaurant was small. You can eat for less at a 24 hour restaurant around the corner called Tempo. If you want a truly great breakfast try The Peninsula Hotel. However, after dining there you might not want to return to The Sofitel. Prior to checking in we had paid for everything in full. When we checked in, we were asked to leave a credit card for incidentals. Upon returning home, we discovered that although the credit card had not been used the Sofitel had an authorization placed on it. This reduced the line of credit, and it took several days to be removed from the card. Great location! Reasonable value. If you have a Privilege Card they allow you to check out at 4pm as opposed to 12 in the afternoon.
Attended a wedding in Chicago; Sofitel is new, humming, very very modern (W hotel style - minimalist) and a great location. However, I miss the basics of a less trendy hotel. We checked in at 7 PM and our room wasn't ready - when they gave me a key the maid was still in the room making it up for me!!! I had to wait in the hallway .... On the weekend I came back for a nap at about 3:30 PM after vacating the room at 8:30 AM and it still wasn't made up. The housekeeping line was never answered so had to call front desk to get someone to make up my room. Also called housekeeping for a new hairdryer and they never brought me one....I gave up...This is a hot, youth hotel but for my next visit, I think I'd prefer some of the classic amenities likely timely housekeeping, a somewhat larger room that you can walk around, and a less trendy, hot, loud clientele. I'm over 40.
I never write these reviews, but felt that it was important to state that this hotel should not be the #1 2008 travelers choice. Terrible Service, Lazy Doormen/bellmen/concierge/valet, Lack of Respect, allow dogs to bark all morning after multiple complaints, Phantom charges to room, front dest at checkout and checkin were pompus. The icing on the cake was me watching the doormen stand and watch while a father tried to open a door to push his stroller through with his infant son, and the doorman watched on doing nothing. Me and my girlfriend are young, look young in how we dress, but in all honesty make more money than most...and we were treated like cheap poor kids. I had dinner reservations at Spaiggia and wanted to order a car to pick us up, the concierge exclaimed that, "You know its not jeans and running shoes right Mr. Blank?" Assuming I was too dumb to realize that a 5 star $200/person restraunt wont allow tennis shoes because I am young? Very Dissapointed. Very nice looking, comfortable beds, great room service, contemporary, younger crowd, but service was terrible.
After checking out of the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower the other day, I left the hotel, crossed the street and started to walk EB on Chestnut while looking for a cab. I was still within sight of a Sofitel doorman when I sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same. After doing so, I immediately heard a Sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle. As the cab slowed to pick me up, the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction. When the cab stopped, I quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the Sofitel doorman. After locking the door, the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab. After claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs, he suggested that I had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a "jerk" before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination. Consequently, unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen, please don't attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman. Lastly, as for the rest of my stay, you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in French instead of English. While I have nothing against the French or French language, I much prefer communicating in English when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world. Viva la USA!
We stayed at the Ritz Carlton two weeks prior, and in comparison the Sofitel does not come close. With the deal the Ritz Carlton is putting on right now, stay two nights...get one free, choose the nicer option! Pros: Room Service: Quick! 15 minutes tops. Bathroom: Large bathroom with a separate shower and tub. Lobby: Very impressive, and the doormen are on top of opening the doors and hailing a cab for you. Location: Close to the train station and MI Ave. Cons: NO TOP SHEET! We asked the others at the conference, they confirmed...there is no top sheet. You just sleep with the duvet cover over you. Room: -Small, and not a fan of the modern decor. -Broken closet door, the bottom track was bent. By the last day my husband removed the closet door completely so I could get to my things. -Barely any storage: closet was teeny tiny anyways, almost no bigger than a tall locker, only the top drawers of the nightstands open. -Shower: Horrible water pressure. -The cleaning staff did not replace shampoo, soap, etc. Had to call the front desk, and they delivered within 10 mins. -The cleaning staff did not replace our duvet cover during the three nights we were there, realized this as I still noticed a stain we made the first night. I made sure not to leave the "save the water" card out. They changed our towels, but not the bedding??? -Our room was at the end of the hall across from where the staff enter, and you could heard that door slam shut all hours of the day. -They charge for Wi-Fi! -You can change the settings on the tv...brightness, etc.
We stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp. We might have had a one in a million experience, but we: - were served a hairy salad (a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage); - considered our guest room tiny; - could not submerge a thigh, much less a body, in the tub (we're not obese and we're not Dexter); - endured a broken air conditioner for days (it couldn't be repaired); - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet (they fixed it that day). On a positive note, the tea from room service tasted delicious, employees were abundant and friendly, the location is great, and it's very easy to get a taxi. In the future, I would reluctantly stay here for business. I would not stay here for pleasure. I think a 20-something who hasn't traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would...as a friend said to me today, "Oh, the Sofitel? That's the Hilton of France." I agree.
Didn't get the room we were promised. Kind of room we had reserved (2 queens) "wasn't available. they then squeezed 3 adult ladies into 2 singles and a blow-up bed. Had to pile furniture on top of tables to get it in! Very unsatisfactory!! Will not return, will not recommend. Will tell people going to Chicago to NOT stay in your hotel. When I next visit Paris nextspring, I intend to stop at your world headquarters to tell them what I think of the Chicago facility.
After reading the Trip Advisor reviews, I was expecting an exceptional stay. I was not impressed overall. The concierge, the view, and the hotel resturant were the highlights. The bed, although not horrible, was not nearly as comfortable as mine at home, and I do not consider myself and extremely fussy person. I was traveling for business, and although not dressed in formalwear, was also not dressed down, but all in all, it felt a bit pretentious to me. There are better options for the money, and would gladly stay at the Sutton Place, Sheraton Towers, or Trump for the similar price and better stay. I would ask Trip Advisor to move it down in the ratings......not #1 in Chicago, in my book.
I was looking for a fun, contemporary hotel and it didn't deliver. The lobby was nice, and the rooms were mostly clean, but it really wasn't special. Service time was slow for room requests, I found empty water bottles under the chair, and the a
The location is ideal. They have very high ceilings so the rooms appear much larger than they are. The views are great. There were fresh flowers in the bathroom. They had all white bedding. You feel like a princess there.
