We stay at Hilton for 4 nights last march. It was a pleasant stay. We got a large room with 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms, The TV was Ok, a 27' CRT Flat Screen. The coincierge was very friendly when we need. The room was very cleaned when we arrived, we ordered some pizzas from room service and the pizza was Ok also.The main Hall is beautiful. The breakfast is charged, 20 dollars, kinda expensive. The internet access (WiFi) is charged, 13 dollars/day. Pros: Low rate price, huge rooms, close to attractions at Loop, close to metro station. Cons: Expensive breakfast, Internet access charged. Tip: When leaving the building, always use the Michigan Av exit. Its a great view. 
This is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of US cities. The entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class. The bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none. It is located on South Michigan directly across the road from Grant and Millenium Park. It also has a free shuttle to the Water Tower in the heart of the Magnificent Mile. For Blues fans, Buddy Guy's Legends Club is situated immediately behind the Hotel. Highly recommended. 
Staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute, budget Valentines weekend trip for my husband and me. We got a great rate -- $70 -- on Priceline. Close to the subway (red line) and we got from O'Hare to the hotel in less than an hour for $3.50 for both of us. We were able to check in more than 4 hours early. Room was great -- very clean, good closet space and fantastic bedding. Had one expensive drink at the Irish bar, but the bartender's advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price. Concierge was helpful, too. Overall, service was terrific, room was great and staying there was a treat. I would stay there again any time, especially at that price. 
went to chicago for a week in may, decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton, we were not disapointed. perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying 1 or 2 nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level. we had 2 double beds with a bathroom each. they beds and pillows were too die for, so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles. all the staff were very helpful. a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps that why some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful. about 2 blocks away on Harrison is a cafe called "Orange" which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast, the cafe and the staff are suberb. expect a 15 min wait on a sat & sun morning. 
We stayed here from Nov. 30 to Dec 2 and had a wonderful time. The hotel is just beautiful and the service was excellent from check in to the maid staff to the bartenders in Kitty O'Shea's. We had a room with a king bed that was very comfortable and had very nice feather pillows. You can request other types if you have a problem with feathers. The large flat screen TV was very nice. Bath products were by Crabtree & Evelyn and included shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash and bady lotion. Plenty of coffee was provided. We drank and had snacks at Kitty O'Shea's. The crowd was fun and there was live Irish folk music each night. Good selection of beer and good Shepards Pie, Cheese Dip and Crisps! The location worked very well for us. We walked to the Art Museum and Buddy Guys Blues Club is right across the street. And shopping was a breeze using the shuttle! The cab ride to the Museum of Science and Industry was quite far though and cost about $15 each way. An excellent weekend getaway! 
We travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago. We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon. The place was busy, but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest. The room was nice and just what we expected. The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel. The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night. We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others. Great quality even at the regular room price. 
I stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of $149. I was worried that I wouldn't get a nice room, since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from Grant Park, so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms. I requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic, and that is exactly what I was assigned (perhaps because I am also a 'silver' member?). It was a beautiful room with windows on two sides, a king sized bed. The room was quiet, comfortable and immaculate. The maid even left a thank you note for the tip I had left. All the staff were helpful, polite and cheerful. I appreciated the fact that I could actually purchase a breakfast for under $15 (oatmeal, coffee, and juice)--something not possible at a lot of big hotels, like the Hyatt I stayed at last year. 
We had a great experience at this hotel. The hotel is Huge! The rooms were very clean, well appointed, and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park. The Staff was so nice and very helpfull. Donald, at the the Concierge desk scored us tickets to WICKED the day of the performance, and on a Holiday weekend too. They were great seats and a reasonable price. He worked very hard for us to see that show. They truely topped off what was a Fun New Years Celebration. This will be my first pick when I return in the spring. 
We had our hotel reservations at another hotel set and after we were reading all of the negative reviews we cancelled and made out reservation at the Hilton - I am so glad we did the hotel was clean, hotel staff was pleasant and helpful and the beds were amazing. We knew we were paying a little more than some other hotels but it was well worth every penny. 
I stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the Chicago Bears Fan Convention (Feb 27- March 1). The hotel is beautiful. I had a Towers room. I had a decent view of the city (Sears Tower). The room was a little small but had two bathrooms (1 King bed). The Tower room has it's own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast, evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day. The registration/ lounge is on the 24th floor and overlooks Lake Michigan. The hotel was full but service was excellent. The location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two (especially toward the El train). We loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car. I will stay here again. Hilton offered a Sunday night free on their website with a 3 day stay. This made the cost reasonable (for Chicago). However, the Pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired. The pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink. 
My stay was quick but awesome. After a long day, seeing a substantial line at check-in was a bit of a groaner, but then i saw the self-serve kiosks. i was checked in with keys in hand in under 3 minutes. in the morning i was able to check out on the TV in my room. the hotel is a beautiful historic landmark with all the amenities of a modern hotel and all the charm of its 1927 origins. The bed was FABULOUSLY comfortable. i wish i could live there. they have many rooms wtih 2 bathrooms. i stayed in a room like that once with a friend and we didn't know ahead of time that we had two bathrooms. talk about squeals of delight. that was about 7 years ago in virginia beach. i was by myself at the hilton and had no need for a room with two bathrooms, but it's the first time i've seen this since. what a great feature! 
Thirty years ago, we had a tiny "room" and indifferent service. This time, the service was superb and friendly throughout, with special commendation for the waiters and waitresses at the coffee shop, the door and bell persons, and the hilton honors person at the front desk. They even lowered our price (to moderately high) when we inquired a few days before our stay. When we want to stay south of the river downtown, we will be back 
Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed. Check-in was quick, easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time. We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant. It made getting ready to go out much quicker! The hotel location is great opposite the park, which is a must see. Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping. For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin, croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant. For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must. Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music. Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever. I would have taken it home if I could! Definately made for a good nights sleep. 
We loved the hotel. When I see other posts about it being shabby I can't for the life of me figure out what they are talking about. Rooms were large with TWO bathrooms, lobby was fabulous, pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym, staff was courteous. For us, the location was great--across the street from Grant Park with a great view of Buckingham Fountain and close to all the museums and theatres. I'm sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the Magnificent Mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location. Got it for $105 on Hotwire. What a bargain for such a nice hotel. 
I took the wife and kids to Chicago for one last fling before school started back up. When I checked in, the staff was very attentive, I showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude (small tip) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar! I didn't get the "Priceline" glare and it paid off for all involved. The air and water show was underway on the lake front, and we had planes flying over our room. The kids thought it was great. That night we had a great view of the fireworks at Navy Pier. The Sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason. The conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly. It was one of the best times we ever had in Chicago. 
in the windy city ,this is a very good place.amazing rooms and service.everything is a walking distance .An absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable. Good decor and impishly modern 
I only stayed out with my boyfriend for one night, however enjoyed my stay. The staff was friendly, the room was nice and clean, the hallways and ballrooms etc were elegant. Room service was quick and had good options to choose from that actually tasted great. The staff was able to extend our check out time for an extra 1-2 hours without an extra charge to the room. Great location too! Walking distance from the Art Museum, Millennium Park, Grant Park (right across the street) and a quick cab ride to McCormick Place. If I were in the city again I would love to stay there again. 
We booked our stay through Priceline.com and got a great deal. We were only staying one night and we had our 2 year old with us. At check-in, we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of Lake Michigan. It was beautiful. The suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we didn't need, but if we were staying longer, it would have been a godsend. This hotel is in close proximity with Grant Park which has the beautiful Buckingham Fountain. We walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed....but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it, this isn't the one. We ended up eating at the Irish Pub inside the hotel (Kitty O'Shea's) which has great food. (We have stayed here before and always end up eating here.) There are a lot of attractions within a mile including the Field Museum, Shedd Aquarium, Soldier Field, and Navy Pier. They may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window. Overall, we had another wonderful stay at the Chicago Hilton. (Our 4th stay) The only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel.....41 dollars a night is kind of ridiculous. 
Great place, great room, great location. Even though there was a big meeting going on (Rainbow Girls in all their enormous gowns) the only consequence for us was slow elevators. Ballroom is amazing, shops on ground floor a nice throwback. Lake views from upper floors -- we were on 17 I think -- are worth it. Concierge advice about restaurants etc was excellent. Definitly would return. 
My family and I have just had a two week holiday in Chicago, and we stayed for a week at the Hilton Towers. We had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel. The sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable. If you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels, maybe this wouldn't be your thing. However if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz, you will be bowled over by this hotel. The place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby. Tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating. We got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place! 
Dispite what other are saying, this was one, if not the best Hotel stay in Chicago I have had. I travel to the Big City about three times a year for pleasure and The James rates up with the best. I was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit. I don't believe you will be disapointed. 
The James hotel is located close to everything in Chicago, the miracle mile, Pizza House Uno,Rush street, The Water Tower everything. We walked everywhere because everything was close by. The rooms are very modern and a little on the small side. But the bed was very comfortable, Very! The service is very good and the calls are answered professionally and nicely. All service was very fast and through. The lobby is a liitle small but that keeps the riff raff from hanging out in it, the bar service was good. The drink prices were high but what do you expect in a hotel bar. I got a great deal from leading hotels of the world for my stay of 3 days was just over $400.00 for a 5 star hotel that's cheap. Due to the location, price and service I may stay there again. But I think my next trip may take me to Trump's hotel in Chi Town. The James is a good stay . The doorman at the hotel are Great! Always pleasent, with a smile and very good service. 
I found this wonderful Hotel ! The location is awesome, just minutes away from all the shopping, Restaurants and Bars you could possibly want . I was in town for an interview, so I was really nervous . I ended up suggesting the Hotel Restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us, they made me feel so comfortable that I was hardly nervous at all. And the place was pack! The room was superb! Really cool design . I had a room they call an apartment, and it was fantastic! The natural light you get in this room is awesome, and I am very sensitive to dark places. They have a full bar in the room , which I was able to use to entertain my friends that night. I went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and I have to say I have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel. All the staff made me feel like I was family. They were available to me at any time, and so friendly ! I will definitely be back for another stay. 
Room: I stayed in the 16thz floor. 2 double bed room. The room has a decent size. Equipment is state of the art. The Furniture are stylish. Room Size was very nice. I could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay (which rarely happens in most hotels ;)) 42" LCD Screen Complimentary WiFi in the room The bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me. Location Located quite central. Shopping streets are in reach of 5 minutes by feet. Midway Airport is in reach by cab within 30 minutes (~30 USD). Service - Spa and Fitness exists - though I did not use. - Restuarant (not used) - Business Center - Very friendly and helpful staff. (even printed our boarding passes at the reception) I do travel frquently, and do recommend this hotel for a business stay, as also for an overnight with friends going shopping, partying whatever in the city center of Chicago. Pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel. 
My stay at the The James was perfect. My room was thoughtfully designed: the lighting, the storage space, the bar area, the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at. The staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating. The restaurant (Primehouse) echoed the above. Great service and one of the best steaks I've had in a very long time. 
We needed an extra night in Chicago after a gratus stay at The Penninsula and won a SkyAuction bid for The James @ $203. This is one of the nicest hotels that I've ever stayed in. Bathroom aside, we felt it equalled The Penninsula in comfort and level of service. I echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime I'm in town. 
My wife and I stayed at the James recently and we had a great experience. The hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location. It's in a quiet location, yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to. We upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost. It didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have, but it was elegantly appointed, spacious, and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet. The service was amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, as well as knowledgeable. This was true from the doormen at the front, to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant. Both Concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions, and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out. The breakfast at Prime downstairs is among the best I have ever had in a hotel, this goes for the room service as well. Dinner there was good, but not great. I mentioned almost flawless, as there was a situation that occurred involving the Spa in the hotel. It involved scheduling and was aggravating, as the hotel actively encourages its use. However, Caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied, following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with. The experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly. Overall, we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits. 
We have just returned from a week at the James Chicago. The hotel is fabulous, very chic and chilled. The service is beyond compare. Check in and out were swift and painless. The Concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay. The hotel restaurant itself is rated 5 in the top 10 in Chicago - voted by Chicago residents. We stayed on the 14th floor with great views of the city. The room (a deluxe king) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies, hairdryer, safe, tv, robes & slippers, a very interesting selection of minibar items (one of which was a real surprise!) including crisps/snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella! We also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with Kiehls products and a cosy little dining area. The ipod dock/CD/radio and complimentary chillout CD were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv. The super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary WiFi allowed us to plan our next day's activities from our bedroom. We were so busy touring around the city we didn't get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab. The bar/lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more. Staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available. The barman mixes a mean mohito ! This hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e.g. The Virtual Tuck In service - basically a couple of PCs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they're away from home on business. Also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends. Next visit to Chicago I'll definitely be staying here and wouldn't even consider an alternative if The James can maintain these standards. 
took a weekend trip with my wife. got a great rate with valet included, paid a couple extra bucks for the larger room. staff was nice, workout facility was great. room has current decor, but was starting to show some wear. watch the concierge, she suggested a pretty bad restaurant to us. 
My significant other and I recently spent 3 nights at The James and on the last day I said, "I wish we could stay longer". That good! The room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door. Everything is high tech. Plasma TV, CD/Radio, Projection alarm clock (love that so much bought one today). If you wanted room service you got it from David Burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful. They even have a four legged friend menu. The bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes/slippers and upscale products provided. The bed was the best in a hotel ever. Linens were crip, white and fresh. Maid service twice daily with turn down service. Safe in room, ice delivered, iron, hairdryer all top of the line. The filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor. Mid-century style with funky chair/ottman, cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home. The staff was courteous and accommodating. The library, free internet access, in room wifi were extras we didn't expect . Bar/lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby. Funky artwork. Location, location, location. The best place we've ever stayed not only in Chicago. Highly recommend. 
I believe I can not describe how amazing was our stay at The James. Service was impecable, from the door man to the front desk. Location could not be better. Yes, you can hear the ambulances in the street from the 14th floor, but, come on, you are downtown, what do you expect....Overall noise was not in a level to bother us. The only minor incident was a cleaner that tried to open our room to clean at 9 pm...PM not AM? Go figure... 
My husband and I wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary, and I had been looking at the James for awhile because it was attached to David Burke's Primehouse. From the moment I called to make my reservation, I knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that. From the pre-arrival dossier, to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the James, this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service. The rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend. The walking distance to Michigan Av is a huge plus. From the front desk to the cleaning staff, the staff here is top notch! And David Burke's Primehouse is not to be missed! 
I LOVED this hotel. The room was so chic and trendy, the bed was comfortable, great slippers and robes. I love the Keihl's bath products in the bathroom. We went during my birthday weekend, and they had a card and plate with pastries waiting in the room. We got a great deal on a junior suite from Travelzoo, but when we tried to take another trip to Chicago, the deal was gone. I really recommend the hotel. I LOVED it. The ONLY problem we had was with the David Burke Steakhouse. The service was horrible, they switched our order with the table next to our's and the only compensation was they took off a $7 side dish we ordered (and they were nice enough to NOT charge us for the other side dish we DIDN'T get). DON'T go there. Go to the Lawry's accross the street. But stay at the James. (BTW- its not a 3-star hotel like the website lists- its at least 4-star) 
The James Hotel met and exceeded our expectations. A haven of cool, uncluttered comfort in a hot, crowded but congenial city. Located within steps of some of the greatest art, architecture, culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in North America, the staff of the James provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited. The check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm, restorative oasis. It is difficult to over-praise the friendly, attentive staff; this is a hotel that truly has its act together! The day before our visit ended, we experienced problems with the room's air conditioner. When the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem, we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the Chicago skyline. We eagerly await the opening of new James Hotels in other cities. 
I stayed at the James in June, and I must say, it felt like I was in some ultra-swanky boutqiue hotel. From the uniforms of the staff.. which consists of a small J pin that they wear with nice suits and such, to the wonderful, comfortable beds, the James just makes you feel ultra-relaxed. The gym in the hotel was fantastic for a hotel gym, and the machines were all new and in fantastic condition. I really enjoyed the complimentary Kiehl's products as well as the soft, cushy beds with futons. Location-wise, it's just off Michigan ave, and it's close to all the shops and restaurants. I'd definitely stay here if I'm' ever back in Chicago. 
Stayed for 2 nights at The James, wonderful location 2 mins walk to Michigan Avenue with all the shops. Staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable I have slept in. Room was very clean, had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a 42in flat screen tv. There was a bar area with stereo, mini bar and coffee maker. There was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area. Bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and body lotion. Hotel is also "pet friendly". There was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel !!!. Pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu. 
I have stayed at many hotels traveling for both business and pleasure and I can honestly stay that The James is tops. The service at the hotel is first class. The rooms are modern and very comfortable. The location is perfect within walking distance to all of the great sights and restaurants. Highly recommend to both business travellers and couples. 
Just returned to Seattle after a visit home to Chicago and I loved The James!!! Recently stayed at the Ritz at Water Tower and the Dana around the corner--both of which were great but The James was perfect. Secured the room through a package w/ American Express for a great deal so though the view wasn't great the space, decor and location can't be beat. Staff was friendly, courteous and very helpful, the gym was substantial and though I didn't try the restaurants/room service, the menus looked yummy. I've stayed in Chgo in that area on avg 1-2s/mo over the past three years and the James is at the top my list now. If you can get a good deal, I highly recommend!! 
The thing that makes this such an enjoyable place to stay is the staff who were all excellent and polite and the service was impeccable. The room was very clean, the beds were comfortable but it was a little small and the water in the bathroom was not very hot. Other than that it was a great place to stay. 
I try to stay at the James every time I happen to be in Chicago. There are other good choices in town, but nobody has what the James offers: superior service - aka class meets efficiency -, metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details I found only at the W in Seoul, and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location ... Then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie: I was about to take off and drive North, it was a hot July day...one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water. A small gesture. Unexpected and appreciated. The management AND the staff understand what we expect and more importantly, what we need. AND they consistenly execute against that. 
This is a great hotel! From the doorman who greeted us as we arrived, to the young man at the reservation desk to the young woman serving complimentarily wine, everyone was very friendly and helpful. We were "strangers but for a minute!" The room was extremely clean, well appointed and we had a pretty view of the Chicago River, especially enjoyed from the large window seats. Loved the purple polka-dot paper on the toilet paper roll! Hallways were large and quiet. The restaurant next door, South Water Kitchen is very nice too. The location is in walking distance of the theatres, parks, the river (take a cruise), Michigan Ave. It's ideal. The only negative is that the concierges were not nearly as friendly or inviting as the rest of the staff nor were they very helpful. For a self-sufficient traveler, you wouldn't really need their services (although it is nice) but for someone coming to Chicago for the first time, a concierge can be very helpful. I would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it. 
Hotel Monaco is in a really great location, only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park. Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you don't mind walking you won't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park (we did). The daily, complimentary, wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out. If you can, leave your car behind, you won't need it and the parking is quite pricey, which is not very surprising considering the location. Everything was clean, fresh and modern and the staff very helpful. The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around "the loop" was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning. 
I can only confirm the positve reviews previously mentioned. We stayed in room 1112, King with River View. No noise and very comfortable.The price was a bargain at $191 a night. I would stay here again. The "L" from Midway Airport lets you off about two blocks from the Hotel. It's a $2 ride - no need for a $40 taxi ride. 
This was my first time in Chicago and wanted a hotel that was in a good location. This definitely fit the bill. I could walk to all the places I wanted to see - very close to Michigan Ave and the Magnificent Mile. About a 15 minute walk to the Art Institute. The hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. There was coffee in the lobby every morning, that was very welcome. The room was comfortable and clean and fairly quiet. I could hear the train and some traffic from the street (considering the location, this wasn't bad and didn't affect my ability to sleep or relax). I would definitely recommend this hotel - a gem!! 
My initial thought of the hotel was, this place is just ok, I didnt look up any reviews as I was staying there with 2 other friends. I was truly impressed from ceiling to floor with the room. Views were good, its just the surrounding buildings unless your towards the front where the river is located. I'm crazy about huge bathrooms and this one is HUGE. I love all the space they have. Flat tv, traditional seating and I admired the fabric-based headboards. Those are very nice! Walking distance to restaurants were convenient. I'm a highly frequent traveler to Chicago almost 20 years now and always stay with relatives. In any event, I'd recommend staying at the Monaco again! 
We wanted a nice place to stay the night after dinner, theater, and my daughter's 21st birthday. This place certainly fit the bill. It was convenient to everything including the SouthShore Railroad station. The staff were all friendly. Their was a small wine reception in the lobby in the evening and Starbucks coffee in the morning. Ryan, the concierge, ordered flowers for my daughter and had a nice bowl of Hershey Kisses waiting for us when we arrived. We were upgraded to a suite and although they forgot to make up the sofa bed, they came promptly to get it set up when we called later. The window seats were beautiful as well and I enjoyed drinking my coffee in the morning and reading a book. 
Stayed at the Monaco on my way skiing at Easter & loved it. Staff were helpful & friendly, room was huge with fantastic view of the river. Central location, 5 min walk to the EL. Adjoining Restaurant/Bar, great food & service. I have stayed in more expensive, supposedly better, hotels in Chicago, but this is the best. Thanks Monaco, I'll be back. 
Having had a great stay at the Monaco last Fall with friends, I was disappointed (initially) to arrive on Saturday with husband and find that they didn't have our Quikbook made reservation in their system and they had no rooms available for Sat. eve. BUT they immediately took responsibility for their mistake by doing the following: found us a nice room at the neighboring Swissotel and paid for it! Gave us cab fare to get the 4 blocks over there. Paid for our valet parking $33 that eve. So naturally when they asked if we were interested in returning for Sunday eve (when they did have room), we said yes. When we returned, they gave us a corner suite with jacuzzi tub for our $139 quikbook rate! Now that's what I call a recovery!! 
We had a king deluxe room for 2 nights. We reserved the room through the hotel website with AAA discount. We paid $180/nt. We enjoy boutique hotels, as they have so much more personality and personal service. This hotel was no exception. Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. The room was clean, well decorated, spacious and quiet. We were offered at check-in a room with a view, but warned it was across from the elevator, so we decided to take the quiet, large room with no view. The location of the hotel was perfect for us, we saw Wicked while in Chicago and had no problem walking to the theater. We also walked the Magnificient Mile and found the location perfect (we like to walk). We had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience. We ate room service for breakfast each morning, and the food was good and the portions were quite large. We would definitely stay here again. 
After reading the reviews on this hotel, I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great, but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again. 
Stayed here with friends for a long weekend in August and loved the hotel. Enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour, and the accomodations were quite nice (our beds were very soft and comfortable). We had excellent views of the river from our rooms. The location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town, with easy access to public transportation nearby. My friends actually received the goldfish upon request, which they enjoyed. Some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above, but it was minimal. Price seemed very resonable to us for the location. Will certainly return to the Windy City and plan on staying here again. 
Our room was on the third floor so there was some street noise - but it certainly didn't spoil our 4 nights in this lovely hotel. Wine tasting evening went down extremely well after a day seeing the sights of the city!! Our goldish was called Oliver - nobody could believe we had our very own goldfish in our room!! All the staff were really helpful and welcoming, making our stay here very relaxing and comfortable. Would certainly recommend this hotel. 
Very pleasant front staff, wine in the evening in the lobby, large rooms, great rates, and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program. Overall an excellent value. Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports. 
Stayed at the Monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic. Very convenient for walking to museums, shopping and park nearby. The room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view. We also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel. Helpful staff, wifi, Aveda products, decent restaurant downstairs for brunch, easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, for business or pleasure. 
After reading so many great reviews I booked the Hotel Monaco and was not disappointed. I booked through their web site about 2 1/2 months prior to arrival for $170/night plus tax for a room with 2 queens. The location was perfect - right by the river near Michigan Ave. - minutes walk to the El, Millenium Park, the Theater District and Shopping. The room was clean, a little larger than standard and nicely decorated. We had window seats in the room with a view of the river. There was Starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a wine reception in the evening. To top it off, the staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area. 
A friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn't have been happier! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel. The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best. 
I want to recognize so many people who were exemplary in their service. 1) Sylvia Rollins, Head Concierge. I wanted a fairly last minute reservation at MK restaurant. I spoke with Sylvia on the phone just a few days prior to arrival and within 15 minutes had the desired reservation. 2) Ryan Lettier, Concierge, provided us detailed information on the architectural cruises. Our morning cruise ended up being cancelled by the tour operator and Ryan provided a late check out time to cover us until we could get back to the Monaco. 3) Turndown service was provided as requested and housekeeping in general seemed to be at a high standard 4) Even the bellman went out of their way to ask if we knew how to get the train etc when leaving the hotel. The rooms are tastfully furnished in that whimiscal Hotel Monaco feel. Beds and bedding both very comfortable. The complimentary happy hour and morning coffee/tea service were both very utililzed by the hotel guests. 
My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October, 2007. I cannot begain to tell you how great this place is. The service was impecable and the room was fantastic. Huge window seat to look over Chicago. It was great. The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby. This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last. I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return. We booked our room through a safety convention web site. 
While I had stayed in the Hotel Monaco before, this was my husband's first trip to Chicago and I insisted we stay here as I loved it the first time. Well the second stay was even better -- we had one of the corner suites on the river -- the service was excellent and staff was very friendly and helpful. The warm cookies in the afternoon is a nice touch after a day of sightseeing. Unfortunately we missed the wine hour. One thing that realy impressed me is that b/c of flight delays we got to Chicago a day late -- Hotel Monaco manager waived the cost of the first night on our room even though it was a guaranteed reservation. 
We loved this hotel and would definitely come back. Initially we weren't given a goldfish, which was disappointing, but then we left a tip for the housekeeper, and she rewarded us with one. We had fun sipping wine and playing Wii in the lobby every afternoon. The staff were quite friendly and helpful, even printing our boarding passes for us. Our room was very comfortable, with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper. At first we were worried about noise, since our room was next to the elevator, but we hardly heard it, and didn't notice any street noise either. The hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated, well-lit, and ideally located. 
On a recent trip to Chicago to attend a major trade show I had the pleasure of staying with the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. I say stay with as that is how they make you feel, from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return. The rooms are clean, chic and roomy, the beds - the best I have slept in, bathrooms large and super clean. What can I say, my new home when in Chicago... 
Mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems. First the good: Outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland, as befitted the season. The restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don't write orders because they are expected to remember them, remember clients clearly from one day to the other, and go above and beyond consistently). Rooms are comfortable: yes the beds are great! The gym is well equipped. Second the slightly off putting: mmmhh...we got the "I love chocolate package" which advertized: bfast every day, dinner once, snack once and...a gift. And we have an A-Club favorite guest membership, which also advertized " a gift". So, no gift...either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership. Upon enquiry, "the snack was the gift". Not at all what the package suggested. That said, bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well. Some problems at checkout though: we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem. Would absolutely go back, but probably not on a special package. 
Stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for 3 nights in early April 2007. Very convenient location just a block from all of the shopping on the Golden Mile. Good restaurant at the hotel serving a la carte breakfast different from the usual fare and with a nice French twist. Dinner at the restaurant was also good. Prices are reasonable. Room is comfortable, only problem was with a card access door lock that usually required several swipes before opening. Excellent service from the bellmen to the concierge and front desk staff. Would definitely stay here again if visiting Chicago. Concierge recommended a small van tour, which was excellent. However early April is too early to visit Chicago as popular activities such as the boat tour of the architecture of Chicago was not operating yet. 
I read the reviews on Trip Advisor for this property which had it ranked as #1 in Chicago. I got a king room overlooking Michigan Ave. The view was beautiful. The room was also impeccable. Nice and bright, very fresh and modern. I find it very hard to fault any Sofitel's. The service, attentiveness of staff, cleanliness and luxury are always top notch. Location was great, head left from the lobby and you reach a bunch of european style cafe's and restaurants. Straight ahead of the hotel on Michigan Ave is a shoppers paradise. A great place to stay, and much better value than Park Hyatt. I do find some of the charges in luxury hotels to be a bit crazy, such as for the internet. When you are paying top dollar, a few inclusions would be nice. 
Sometimes you just can't find fault with a hotel, even if you tried. Such was the case with Sofitel, where we'd never stayed before. It's a sleek, modern, sophisticated hotel with European touches. We spent three days there on a leisure weekend, we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building, at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $165 a night. The room was average sized, well-appointed, everything in it worked, and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle, including snippets of the lake. The public areas were wonderfully decorated. The restaurant served a good breakfast at, for Chicago, reasonable prices. The staff was excellent. My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches. The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her. 
Just got back from a 10 day visit to Chicago. For the rate of $219 per night, it was extremely good value. Reception staff were efficient, courteous and very friendly. I was given a room on the top floor (32nd floor) facing the lake and the John Hancock Tower. The rooms were large and very comfortable. Housekeeping/Turn Down Service were efficient and thorough. Bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily. This is definitely my first choice for a Hotel in Chicago. It is also very close to all the shops, restaurants and the subway. 
this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago, and I've been to this hotel at least 4 times. the rooms are clean, wonderfully designed and comfortable. The staff is friendly, service focused - and the restuarant is great, especially for the breakfast fruit crepes. Love this hotel. It's a great location, very good and consistent service and quality . 
This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Chicago. I've also tried Amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown. This one was the best. Great service, beautiful room, roomy bathroom, top-notch amenities. 
Stayed here as a treat to myself while in Chicago recently for a concert. I totally LOVED IT here!! When you called either the Front Desk or Room Service, the phone was answered with "Hallo Mrs (Name)" which was a great personal touch. Vanessa at the front desk, went out her way to help me - storing some things in a safe for me before I could book into my room. My room was wonderful - the bathroom was luxurious. I was on the 30th floor and the views were superb. We ordered room service and it came quickly and the guy was so friendly and nice. The doormen were great too and I wore jeans and a tshirt one day and they still opened the door for me, so no snobbery there. Comfortable, cozy bathrobes were available in the bathroom, the lights went on in the wardrobe (never seen that before!!), tv was HD ready and flat screen. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud - best sleep for a while. Would I stay here again?? Oh yeah!! No problem - just need to save up first!! 
our stay was absolutely perfect. its a cool hotel to look at, the design and feel is very trendy and hip. all the staff are terrific, especially the consierge staff-great info and attitude. our room was on the top floor, with great views. super comfy bed, and neat bathroom. fantastic, choose this with no hesitation! 
Striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life. The attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night's sleep I've ever experienced in a hotel. Gorgeous LCD tv and Bose wave machine added to my enjoyment. Sofitel is worth the extra $'s. 
Excellent service! Clean and spacious rooms with a great view of downtown Chicago. Location is excellent for exploring the main sights and the Golden Mile. Great concierge service. Pricey though... Don't valet if you don't need to. 
I just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat! The hotel website offers a great rate, and what I found was affordable luxury. I asked for a high floor & found myself with a fabulous view, in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom, terrycloth robes and slippers, turndown service, Roger Gallet toiletries, a fluffy down conforter, and a wonderful pillowtop bed. The bathroom was so clean that it sparkled. The service was impeccable as well. Even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants, brioches, & pain au chocolat. The decor was unique & the location convenient. Check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby. This is a topnotch hotel. 
I arrived at the Sofitel for a joint leisure and business. It is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable. The rooms are spacious, great beds, pillows and linen. The bathroom has a great shower and bath. WiFi works really well and the desk is large. The staff are wonderful. The location is great for shopping, spa's, Starbucks and hairdressers. I loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it. 
I stayed for four nights while attending a conference. The hotel is in a great spot - easy walk to Michigan Ave shopping or Rush St., but just off the busy streets. The room I had was spacious, and very well-appointed. The staff was friendly, and the fitness center, while not huge, was well-equipped and clean. I've stayed at a number of hotels in Chicago, and this one is my favorite. Internet wasn't free, but at $10 for 24 hours is cheaper than most business hotels, and it worked very well. 
After some deliberation I booked the Sofitel Water Tower Place for a 3 night stop-over in June. This was my first visit to Chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time. We loved our rooms, which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed. The decor is modern and personally I liked it a lot. The rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable. The hotel location is just perfect, close to the shops on Michagan Avenue, and the beach at Oak Street. Lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in Rush Street is just steps away. The area although bustling was peaceful and quiet. We could walk to most places and I would not hesitate to stay here again. The hotel staff very helpful, always smiling and ready to help; from the doormen to the helpful lady at Conceriage. I would not hesitate at all to stay at Sofitel Water Tower Place next time I'm in Chicago; in fact I look forward to my next visit. 
We just arrived from a 3 nights stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower. It was faboulous. Fine Linen, nice room with bigs windows, bathroom with a shower, flat TV. Check for the deals on the Sofitel website, we had 3 nights for the price of two ! 
We just got back from 3 nights at the Sofitel. We really have nothing bad or negative to say about it. We've stayed at other higher end hotels in Chicago such as the Park Hyatt, The Peninsula, and The Four Seasons - and the Sofitel tops them all. It's a 4 star hotel with 3 star prices. It's a beautiful hotel all the way around. Staff is uniformly friendly without being patronizing. They were helpful with the one small problem we had and solved it quickly. The common areas are fresh and modern in appearance. The room was very clean with comfortable beds and well-appointed marble-accented baths. My wife loved the huge tub. We had breakfast via roomservice every morning and it was always hot and delicious. The robes and Evian at turndown was always appreciated. The property is ideally situated in the middle of the Gold Coast and all the best shopping and eating is within a short walk. Want a Bentley or latte? They're all close by. This was our second stay since it opened and I'm sure it's to be our home away from home when we are in Chicago. 
Beautifully appointed, professionally staffed, comfortable, well-located, and elegant, with wireless internet access (plus free access in an alcove on the second floor), fitness center (a little small but fine if you use it at the right time), good energy clientele, easy access to Michigan Avenue, next door to 24-hour restaurant, 2 blocks from 2 Starbucks, elevators that are there before you get your finger off the button - they thought of everything. Will definitely return! 
Great beds, clean rooms, amazing bathroom, nifty view, wonderful service, expensive parking ($40, but it's Chicago), speedy in and out. Very European in sensibility and amenities, but with air conditioning! 
