I stayed at the Allegro for several days in August 2004 and I would defintely stay again. I had a very large room with a huge bathroom, although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout. The lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges, a nice place to enjoy the simple (2 choices, no munchies) but pleasant wine reception. At night, there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity, other than theater traffic, but it's a short cab ride to Michigan Avenue shopping and River North restaurants. 
I had a great time here! It is centerally located in Chicago so walking around is so easy and pleasent. The staff was amazing and very helpful! Parking was a bit steep, but to be expected. The room was very nice and the bed and linens were very confortable. The yoga mat rental was wonderful as well! Wonderful and relaxing experience overall. 
This is best hotel bargin in Chicago if you are not overly unhappy with a small room. Great hotel just redone by Kimpton. This is a great hotel chain that really provides a the sense of escape and fun to all of their hotels. This is a location just off of LaSalle and next to the Cadillac theater. It has a 4 star resturant which we enjoyed in a relaxed atmosphere an amazing Italian meal. The wine list is one of the best in a city of great restaurants. The Kimptons have a social hour 5 to 6 with wine at all of their hotels. You sit in a designer, kind of London circa 1968 couch with a fire place nearby and have that lost art form of relaxation with you fellow guests. They are super animal friendly and provide complete services to your dog if you wish to bring it. The exercise room is great and there is a spa here as well. There are two other Kimptons here but for the money the Allegro is the best value and location. Always consider Kimptons as they never disappoint where ever we have used them. 
I am a fan of Kimpton Hotels, however I have never experienced top service as I did at the Hotel Allegro. Even before my visit, concierge Mark Kraemer advised us on things to see, and booked tickets in advance to Second City. We were welcomed warmly on arrival, and the bellman checked up on us as we came and went from the hotel. All the staff have a personal interest in making your stay a great experience. The hotel is next to City Hall, where I had some business. We had a large quiet room, and used room service-the meal came quickly, and included a a bonus fruit cup. Enjoyed the pasta night (20 dollars for a three course meal) at the 312 restaurant-the starter and the dessert were wonderful, the main pasta a bit too salty. And that is the only complaint I can make-from start to finish, if you want attentive service, this is the place to be. Thank you, Hotel Allegro, for a great stay. I can't wait to return. 
I stayed at the Allegro in July for 4 nights for a business trip. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was great. I had read reviews that said the bathrooms were tiny, but ours was perfectly fine, with funky, fun doors. The decor is a lot of fun. We were on the 15th floor and there was absolutely no street noise. The front desk staff was very friendly, and before we even made it to the desk, a lovely man took our bags and brought them up to our room within moments of our arrival. We were within walking distance to all the theaters and even walked one night all the way to Navy Pier. For people who were upset about no free coffee - there's a Dunkin Donuts about a block away. I definitely recommend this hotel! 
The only minus for this hotel is they do not provide the free morning coffee at all the other Kimpton hotels. It was a great place to stay for the theater but our rate did say morning coffee. The robes were not in the room and it took a long time (hours) but other than that a great place. The concierge was excellent. 
My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in March, 2006. We had a great time! We were upgraded to a suite, and enjoyed the jacuzzi tub with Mr. Bubbles, animal print robes, and a luxurious king- sized bed! THe suite was very nice, and we had no problem with noise from other rooms or from the street. It was very boutiquey, and the lobby was lovely. We enjoyed the complementary wine hour. The staff was attentive, and our stay in this Kimpton hotel made our first-time trip to Chicago memorable! We would return here! 
If you're in Chicago and want to stay in The Loop, The Allegro Hotel is perfect for you. It's centrally located, stylish rooms and attentive staff. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was very pleased with everything. The bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows, large flat screen tv, radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean. Everyone that I came in contact with was very friendly and helpful. My last day there, I ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time, the kitchen called to see if everything was alright. I have never had that kind of follow up service. I've stayed at the Palomar in DC, another Kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too. I will definitely see if Kimpton has a hotel at my next destination. 
We brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time. Small rooms, but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene. Lots of interesting amenities in the room. Convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping. Really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone. Lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere. Watch out: The concierge (like all concierges at big hotels) will direct you to mediocre, large restaurants where they get kickbacks. We have stayed here several times and I always check for rooms here when I travel to Chicago. However, the hotel is often full so book early. 
I loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown Chicago, an older hotel with a great reno (a bit over-the-top design, but still very lovely and charming), clean rooms, and very friendly staff. They're also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our 130lb Mastiff cross with a gift bag (treats and directions to an off-leash area), and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog's names on it. 
We have stayed here several times and have always found it to be clean with comfortable beds. We were given a choice of breakfast or free cocktails which we thought was a nice touch. Our room was small but adequate. Location was great, close to the L trains and also close to the train station as we always "walk" from Union Station. 
I stayed here for 2 nights in May 2008. I have to say the hotel was exceptionally clean and very modern and funky. They had a free wine tasting each evening! The restaurant served very good breakfasts and the staff were lovely and helpful throughout the stay. The hotel is located within walking distance to the metro system and also close to shopping / restaurants and sights! Rooms were lovely, althou the bathroom was slightly on the compact side. Will be back. 
Booked via Priceline.com for a weekend getaway and got the room for $75 per night. When we arrived via Midway we took the Orange Line to within a block of the hotel for just $2. Hotel easy to find. Never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood/area. Saw very few homeless or panhandlers. Walked all over the place. Great location and hotel is about a $5-$6 cab ride from most major attractions/shopping/restaurants. Hotel is almost gawdy with colors/decor, but it's not that different from a cruise ship decor. It was not annoying decor by any means. Check in was painless and the service was great! Heard NO noise whatsoever...the reports of "thin walls" are greatly exaggerated. The walls are all concrete and thick...we heard NOTHING both nights we were there! Highly recommend this hotel! Rooms are small but not crowded for two people...they are old style hotel rooms..very classic 
A very nice hotel with small but adequate rooms. The decor was lovely. My daughter and I spent 5-nights here, saw Wicked just down the street and used the public transportation to get all around town. Was a bit disappointed with the bar/restaurant which opened and closed it's kitchen at will without regard to posted hours. The room description boasted of safe's large enough to accomodate a laptop, so I brought mine. I was informed after check-in that the safes are not in every room (and not in mine). As a side note, I was surprised that nearly all the shops many restaurants closed at 6pm in that area... even the 7-11. 
I was apprehensive after reading some of the more negative reviews of the Hotel Allegro. However, our stay there was without problems and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. The room was not huge but there was plenty of room to move around without bumping into one another. The bathroom was small but well appointed. Overall, it was a clean and interestingly decorated room and we were pleased. Others have complained about being able to clearly hear people in adjacent rooms but we must have lucked out in that way and did not experience that although we could occasionaly hear people talking in the hallway. One other reviewer complained rather bitterly about the area and said that it was dangerous and I can't even begin to understand that as we found it to be extremely safe. The area is also very close to public transportation (we used the trains exclusively) and got around quite well without a car. We would most definetly stay here again and recommend it to others. 
I've stayed at the Allegro a couple of times. Like the other Kimpton properties, it's a classic old hotel that's been beautifully updated. I found the staff to be cordial, and I really like their corporate culture. They're pet-friendly (although I wasn't travelling with the dog), I got a recycling bin in my room, Aveda products in the bath and they don't clean with toxic chemicals. The rooms aren't huge and the bathrooms aren't what you're going to get at a Hilton. What the Allegro lacks in square footage it more than makes up for in cool. OK, they may be a little pricey, but I'm willing to pay a bit more considering the higher cost of doing business responsibily. 
We stayed in a king suite at the Hotel Allegro over Memorial Day weekend. We paid $130/night, and it was definitely a bargain. The suite was huge - living room with a couch, two chairs, desk; large bathroom; bedroom; two closets. The room had recently been renovated, and was very clean. Comfortable bed, friendly staff, great location (near the train and bus), evening wine reception and morning coffee provided. While the Allegro isn't a five-star hotel, it is a great place for the money. (Note: a friend stayed in a non-suite room, and reported that it was very small. Upgrade if possible). 
Very friendly staff - and helpfull with whatever ? you may have. Don't miss the wine bar and the hot chocolate bar. Spacious rooms. Perfect for business and for theatre guests. A little quiet area during weekends. 
The Allegro in downtown Chicago is a great stay/ part of the Kimpton Group boutique hotels the Allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price/ they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city. i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the 'EL' into the loop which leaves you about 2 minutes from the hotel/ otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors,comfortable beds and in my case great views. if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days / kimpton does a great job and their properties are "class acts" 
We booked this hotel for the second leg of our Chicago stay..it was great!!!! The Lion King package was pricey but reasonable, given the ticket costs and the Suite. Room was great....classical music greeted us when we entered our room after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. NYTimes and Chicago Tribune at your door every morning. One block from the Washington El train station. We never saw the small rooms that every one apparently doesn't like, but the Suite rooms were fun and our kids loved it. Dunkin Doughnuts and Corner Bakery down the block. City Hall, Picasso structure....this was a great place. Book it and also use the Golden Touch Limo service...reasonable. Omar is a super guy. 
This hotel cannot be beat for location, price, & atmosphere. The location is ideal, at the corner of State & Kinzie. There are fantastic restaurants & bars all around, including House of Blues & Harry Caray's. We stayed in a "Corner King" room. The room was amazing. Two of the four walls are floor to ceiling windows. Even just being on the 5th floor, we had great views of the surrounding area. The decor and amenities are unmatched. The decor is very clean & simple but luxurious. The hotel is easy to miss from street level, but shouldn't be. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Its a perfect home base if your plans revolve around River North, State Street shopping, or Clark Street nightlife. Even if you'll be on the Mag Mile, this is a short cab ride away. We've officially named this our downtown hotel of choice! 
Stayed here for two days in the first week in January, when hotel was very quiet. Got a big corner room. Staff are friendly, decor is modern, and there's a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast, which you take back to your room. The free hors d'oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives, breads, cheeses and meats, marinated vegetables. This was a really easy hotel to stay in, fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the 'L', and quiet, despite the building work opposite. If you're in Chicago, stay here. 
We attended a Bachorette Party in Chicago in Aug 2005. There were 10 girls total. We had 5 rooms ... and I did not hear one complaint from anyone during our entire extended weekend. Never been to Chi-town before, I booked our hotel based on reviews from TA. And we were not disappointed. The staff is wonderful, the happy hour was just fabulous. The room was nice and clean, with a great double headed shower and Aveda products was an extra bonus! Then you also get free internet in your room! The hotel was chic and hip without the pretentiousness. We still talk about what a wonderful time we had ... and we all agree that if we ever go back to Chicago we will be staying at the Amalfi again. Trust me the pics don't do it justice! 
This small boutique hotel is tucked away in a perfect location between the Loop and the Miracle Mile. Two blocks west of the Wrigley Building and so convenient to restaurants, etc. The staff, from doormen to desk folks are extra nice and accommodating. The delicious breakfast on each floor is ultra-convenient, the evening happy hour is more than generous, and the morning paper is welcome. Bedding is so comfortable. This is our second stay, and certainly not our last. We love Chicago, and this hotel is one of the reasons why. 
We arrived for a weekend stay and really enjoyed the hotel. The cocktail hour was so full of people that we could not get in. The second night we went earlier and it was very nice. The staff was very helpful and had a good knowledge of the area. The rooms were modern and very clean. We will stay there again. 
Just spent three nights at the Amalfi Hotel, while in Chicago on business. Booked a king-corner room and loved it. Largest room I've ever had in a hotel in Chicago, incredibly comfortable, very clean. The breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too. And the location couldn't be beat. Walking distance to the the River, the Loop, Michigan Ave shopping and convenient to public transportation. I noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise; yes there is some street noise, and the building across the street is under construction (the noise from that was usually between 730-4, if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side) but really, in downtown Chicago it's not going to be silent, if you want silence stay in the suburbs. If you want a great hotel (at a great price) right in the thick of everything, stay at the Amalfi. 
What a wonderful experience, super great, helpful, friendly staff. Angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great. Our room was beautiful. Angie suggested we go to Sullivans for dinner..perfect choice, make the reservation for us.(best seat in the house and a special dessert) wow...Above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before..Looking forward to staying there again & again. THANKS AGAIN 
This hotel was great - In a great area right downtown and close to everything. The daily happy hour had great food, wine and premium liquors. The free breakfast was even better! Actually I believe everything was included breakfast/happy hour/business center/WiFi. Our room was a king size facing the back of the building. Really clean new and comfortable. Small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - Would highly recommend. 
This was our second time staying here. We were very much looking forward to our weekend at the Amalfi (based on how well the first stay was). It turned out better than our anticipation. The beds are very comfortable. 2 headed showers with a large bathroom. The hotel is also pleasantly quiet and easy to check-in and out. Our room was near the exercise room which helped motivate us to get in an hour morning workout. Then we were able to grab some complimentary fruit, pastries, juice and coffee on our floor (breakfast is on every floor). No great view from our room, but I don't think there are great views from most any room since it is only 5 floors. We didn't need to drive, take a cab or jump on the L the whole weekend since the hotel is centrally located. We easily walked to bars, blues clubs, restaurants, the hancock tower, the loop and the waterfront all from our hotel. The highlight of the hotel was the complimentary happy hour. Free top-shelf drinks and wonderful meats, cheeses, peppers, and breads. This ran from 5:30 to 7:00, and was a great warm-up to a nice dinner. This alone saved us a bundle in money that would of been spent eating and drinking out in the evening. And an extra money-saving tip...park at the self-park lot 2 blocks west of the hotel on Kinzie. Its $24 per night during the week and only $6 per night on the weekends. I think the hotel charges $30 to $40 per night to park. 
Review's a little late, but... My husband & I first stayed at the Amalfi in 8/06 totally based on reviews I read on this website. We were totally WOWED!! Loved the location, the room, the Aveda bath products, but most of all loved the evening reception & breakfast on our floor. I returned to Chicago with 3 girlfriends in 9/07 and booked us in a suite at the Amalfi. It was great - room was very spacious and my girlfriends were quite pleased! Will stay next time I'm in Chicago too!! P.S. They honor a government rate!!!! 
My wife and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago and enjoyed everything about the Hotel. Most importantly our room was perfect with plenty of space, great jazz CD's in the room, wonderful bathroom and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The staff was very helpful with every request. The Amalfi offers a great continential breakfast on every floor each morning with good coffee and a great selection of pastry's, fruit's and jucie's. We also enjoyed the managers receptions one evening where they offer a great choice of complementary cocktails and antipasta's for their guests. Would highly recommend this hotel. 
I have stayed at the Amalfi Hotel before and it has always been excellent. This time was no different. Usually I book direct with the hotel, however, I found a slightly better deal booking through Expedia, which saved about $100. The staff were great. I arrived early and they had a room waiting. I was placed on the 6th (top) floor and it was quiet and comfortable. Overall, it was as good as it gets! I will definitely continue to stay here when I'm in Chicago. Remember, the hotel is close to everything - downtown, the Magnificent Mile, lots of restaurants, etc. Everything is within walking distance! 
This lovely hotel has only six floors, making it easy to get to elevators and down to reception. The building is dwarfed amongst all the skyscrapers around it. Trump's huge new tower is just down the street. The Amalfi looks recently refurbished, very modern, but warm and inviting. Bedrooms quite spacious with lovely linens and very, very comfortable beds. Bathroom quite small but roomy enough, with Aveda tolietries and constant hot water in the showers. Continental style breakfast is set out fresh every morning in front of the elevator of every floor. Great to stumble out of bed and grab a coffee etc (robes & slippers provided) without having to get dressed for a formal breakfast. Really enjoyed the Managers evening cocktail reception, especially the Amalfitinis. A nice way to relax after a hard days' shopping! Location is great for all the shops, transport, museums etc. Easy walking to everywhere. Staff also very friendly and welcoming. Would definately stay there again. 
This hotel was wonderful! I am a college student who went with my mom for the weekend and we both liked it! Pros: THE FRONT DESK and THE STAFF!!! -Helpful: Knew great places to eat and HOW to get there Breakfast: Pastries, coffee, tea, muffins, etc: Fresh Drinks + hors d'oeuvres: Yummy!! Rooms -Clean -Well decorated Lots of people of different ages stayed there Cons: Very very very far from the museums 
We stayed for just one night ,but the hotel staff was extremely friendly and polite. The rooms were clean and large. The decor had just been redone. The best perks were the complimentary continental breakfast on each floor in the morning and the free cocktail hour with premium drinks and great appetizers at night. We got a great rate and would go back. Great location for walking around. 
I decided to book at the Amalfi after cancelling a reservation for a different hotel after reading their reviews on TA. I was blown away by the reviews for the Amalfi on TA and decided to check it out. I was able to secure a great price on the hotel room and I was not disappointed. I asked to be put in a quiet room because I was having an interview the next day. The room was very quiet and in a great location, but my only complaint was that it was right next to the fitness center and I could hear people running on the treadmill during the day. However, it quieted down at night and I could not hear anything. The rooms were enormous for Chicago and I was pleased!!! The hotel provided free breakfast which was good, free internet, and free gym access. The hotel is only a few blocks from the Magnificient Mile and I walked there everyday to do shopping. I have to say that the doorman is truly a gem and is very friendly. I wish that their front desk staff were as friendly as he was. All in all, I plan to stay at the Amalfi anytime I visit Chicago in the future. 
I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting accommodation in Chicago. Ideal position, lovely quiet rooms, good facilities, complimentary breakfast well received and the Manager's evening drinks reception excellent; we always tipped the staff who were serving our drinks. The in-house Amalfitini cocktail was very good. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If I ever return to Chicago I would certainly stay there again. Theres nothing bad I can say about this hotel. 
Spent a wonderful night at the Amalfi with friends. The evening reception was very nice and the staff was very attentive. Breakfast was a plus, rooms were cozy and very clean. Would not hesitate to go back again. 
I already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now I'm going to write about the location! I like to walk. This place was close to EVERYTHING!!!! The 'Taste of Chicago' was on during the 4th of July. Let me tell you, this was the best 'taste' of a city that I have ever been to. It was massive and took 10 mins to walk there. I took the train in from the airport (it was around $2.00 but it was a solid 45 mins but for $2.00, how can you complain?)and it was approx a 10 walk to the hotel. We pretty much walked everywhere. We walked the entire magnificent mile strip. We went to the Blue Navy or whatever the docks are called. My favourite bar was 'Pops for Champagne.' Wow. I love champagne. And then of course there was the John Hancock Centre. And lots of shopping! 
Well located and well staffed. The Amalfi was a clean and comfortable place to stay. It lacks a restaurant or bar but many are near by. Free continental breakfast and evening cocktail. 
Was slated for two nights in Chicago, June 12 - 14, 2007. I could onyl get the Intercon for both nights. I booked a handicapped room since that was they had left. After reading other reviews of the property, I decided to move it from two nights to one, and stay the second night at the Hotel Monaco. Of course, upon check-in, I was given a suite. Nice room, great linens, clean bathroom, and very quiet. Parking is really high ($48). I understand some peopel saying the rooms need to be updated, but everything was clean and worked well. At ,ost, the rooms were a bit dark. I had a late night drink at the bar, which was reasonably priced. i did not eat there, but the menu seemed pretty good, albeit with the typical hotel mark-ups to be expected. In all, I thought the place was everything I needed, and was very happy with the room, the staff, the linens, and the housekeeping. Much better than others have indicated. 
I stayed at the intercontinental during the last weekend in September for a "pleasure trip" -- the InterContinental was in a great location and the staff was excellent. The room was clean and comfortable -- and came equipped with a new LG flat panel tv. Had breakfast at Zest (hotel restaurant) -- a bit pricey but decent if you want a buffet. The hotel is in walking distance to millenium park, museums and the aquarium. There is also a lot of shopping - window shopping is best though, considering the sales tax is 9.5%! (and possibly raising to 11%) Great stay. I highly recommend it and would stay there again. 
We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week. The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great. We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt. We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure. 
We got an awesome deal through Priceline for a Friday - Sunday stay at $75 for each night. The hotel is very centrally located on Michigan Avenue "The Magnificent Mile". You can walk to a ton of shops & there are plenty of restaurants handy as well. The hotel staff was very friendly, and the room itself was gorgeous. Very modern decor. Not drab & typical like most other chain hotels. If staying in Chicago we definitely will be staying there again. Price for valet parking overnight was insane ($42/day), but what do you expect in a big city. 
I stayed at the hotel one night. The hotel is excellent, comparable quality than Marriott and Sheraton, perhaps superior, but the location is definitely much better. Whatever your trip purpose is, business or leisure, you can drop your bags and take a walk on the Magnificent mile. Loved it! 
We stayed in the IC chicago for 6 nights from 26th Dec after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. We werent disappointed. We had 2 rooms opposite each other in the Historic tower. The rooms were spacious and very clean with good views towards the river and tribune building. We got a good rate on the rooms but did not have breakfast in the hotel as it was very expensive as was the Wifi at $17 per day. As the hotel is on the Magnificent mile there are plenty of place to eat including for breakfast. The starbucks in the lobby was a hit with the kids - very handy. I would definitely recommend the hotel. 
Spent two nights at the InterContinental on a business trip. This is a tremendous, towering hotel in one of the best locations in Chicago -- right on the Magnificent Mile and superbly convenient for shopping and well placed for the business area. My room was in the Historic Tower -- a 1920s Masonic Club which has been converted at enormous expense. The effort has been worthwhile. My room was very large and well furnished, with a beautiful bathroom which contained a separate shower cubicle. It had breathtaking views down Michigan Avenue. There is a superb recreation centre (with an impressive swimming pool) beautiful bars and a good restaurant, Zest, that serves a great breakfast. There is wifi in the rooms ($9.95 per day) and tea and coffee making facilities. No trouser press, but there is an ironing board and iron. The staff is friendly and anxious to please. I recommend this hotel in the strongest possible terms. It's expensive, but it will be difficult to find a better one in Chicago. 
The hotel is beautiful. It is an excellent location. There was a few minor issues. The hotel is clearly geared toward the convention and business crowd. There were charges for almost everything, although I did not incur any of these. Our room was a little small for the class of hotel, but not overwhelmingly small. Not a true complaint, but the elevators were very slow. My comparison was that we stayed in an equally aged hotel in a different city during our trip, and the Intercontinental's were significantly slower. That's it, no more little nit picks. The staff was excellent, the doormen being the highlight. The hotel bar was also very nice. The hotel was immaculately clean. I would definitely travel to this hotel again. 
My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend and it was great. The check-in staff changed our room to a single bed without question, and the bar served the best martini I have had in a while. The rooms were well decorated and spacious, although it did get a little tight through the bathroom door. The bell staff was very accomodating and walked my wife up to our room when she arrived late. I would definitely stay here again! 
We became an Ambassador member just before spending Mother's day at the Chicago Intercontinental, and received a room upgrade to an exceptional room. Our Saturday night stay was the BEST $99 we ever spent (Mother's day special). The welcoming chocolate covered strawberries began the weekend on a high note; the concierge continued it by arranging a wonderful dinner (moderately priced) , and the great Sunday breakfast topped it all off. All in all, Mother's day in Chicago was Super. We loved it enough to be back for Labor Day weekend (another "package"). 
If you are looking for a hotel that is truly in the best location, the Intercontinental is it--right on the Magnificent Mile, next to the Chicago River, across from the Wrigley Building. My daughter and I stayed here for a getaway, and quickly were able to get to Milennium Park, shopping, Navy Pier, great dining, exploring festivals and strolling through beautiful areas along the lakefront and Chicago River. Check-in was easy and we were treated with courtesy throughout our stay. Maria, one of the concierges, was especially helpful in finding us a unique place to eat. The room was lovely and comfortable, although our tub didn't drain well. Just a wonderful stay! 
Stayed for 3 nights. booked via hotwire, upgraded to historic tower. Got a big room, with a nice view.Service was great. Valet parking was efficient, but you expect it for 53 doller/night. But the location was the best 
I was attending a training conference in Chicago and opted to book my own room thru one of the online discount programs rather than stay at the rather sterile and pedestrian hotel where the conference was being held. I booked 4 nights at the Intercontinental and was pleased with the elegance and convenient location (an easy walk to the conference). From the lobby to the rooms, this hotel lives up to it's storied reputation. (The indoor pool seems to be imported from the set of a Busby Berkeley movie!) And even tho' I was there for a conference, the hotel's location on the Mag Mile and a quick jaunt to restaurants and theaters, made for a very pleasant stay at a very affordable price. 
Stayed at the InterContinental for an entire week on business and for the most part a very elegant, convenient visit. Stayed in the historic tower. Very nice rooms, great view, attentive staff, convenient location just north of the Tribune Tower & the river, and nice fitness club at $16 for the entire stay. The only downside is I couldn't get over the feeling that I was being nickle & dimed: $10 a day for Wi-Fi, $6 bottles of water in the room, $26 mini-bottle of wine in the fridge, tipping multiple staff for carrying the same bags, etc. Their in-house restaurant Zest is Zagat rated though I'm not sure why. Within a 5 minute walk there are plenty of great restaurants with much better food than Zest. But, next time I need to be near the Loop I'd stay at the InterContinental again. 
I stayed at ICH Chicago for business in November of 2006 and loved it. As a Royal Ambassador member, they upgraded me to a beautiful junior suite with a separate living and working area and 2 bathrooms! My upgrade was in place upon arrival and a beautiful fruit basket was waiting for me on the coffee table. They even had a nice young lady escort me to my room. The suite was beautifully furnished and had an Art Deco feel to it. The only thing I regretted was that I only stayed one night. I will definitely stay here on my next visit. 
After reading some of the most recent reviews I'm really perplexed. I didn't know what to expect, but I was most pleasantly surprised. Just as all the past reviews, both negative and positive, have stated, you can't beat the location of this hotel. It's perfect. We had a big spacious room in the old tower. We avoided the expensive pitfalls of the hotel extras such as bottled water and items in the room fridge. The beds were great, the rooms were kept clean and the staff was very friendly. Great martinis in the hotel bar. I really can't understand the negative reviews. I know you can't please everyone, but in some cases I simply don't believe their claims. I've traveled a lot and have stayed in plenty of hotels. This is a great hotel! 
Stayed here for two days while attending Lollopalooza music festival. One of the best locations in Chicago, on Michigan Ave near the Tribune and Sun-Times buildings. An easy walk or bus ride to many attractions. The King sized room was very nice, not large, but with a generous bathroom. Service was excellent throughout. Check out the awesome swimming pool, straight out of twenties. 
What a fabulous hotel! From its location directly on the Magnificant Mile and surrounded by the finest shopping, to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars, this hotel is one of the best in Chicago. Our room was very clean and fresh, the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful. This is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in Chicago. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 
We stayed at the Intercontinental for three nights last weekend. It is a located in a fantastic spot on the Magnificent Mile, right near the Chicago River and the NBC building. We had a double room in the main tower. The room was very clean and updated. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The negatives about this hotel is that you have to pay extra to use the fitness centre and internet access. Also, parking is high ($45 valet/day). Overall, we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel. We paid $90 on Priceline and felt that this was a reasonable price. 
We stayed here through Hotwire and got an amazingly low rate- $60 some odd dollars nightly for a 2 night stay last May. The room they had us in was small and had no view of anything except the wall of the other part of the hotel, but it was very clean, tastefully decorated and cozy. We had a great vacation, walking all over town until we ended up near the Planetarium which was where we then turned around and saw the skyline of Chicago and were just wow. So anyway, the hotel is great, the service was great, the room was very nice- I would recommend this hotel to anyone though I work at the front desk of a hotel myself and the previous person's comment about how she wasn't able to get adjoining rooms, well, internet sites don't guarantee things like that anyway- you've got to call the hotel direct and verify things like that. There's a note about that on internet sites as well- no room type/location is guaranteed. 5 stars out of 5 for this hotel. 
Stayed here for 5 nights while visiting Chicago for the first time. The location is great, the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms. The lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink. Didn't eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside The Art Institute, Cultural Centre & Macys. Staff were friendly. Would recommend it as a base to tour the city. 
My wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion. I didn't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $70. If I'd paid the book rate, $175, I'd have been less pleased. No troubles with checkin. Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable. Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend. I'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough. For $70, it's a steal. For its online face value, not so much. Will definitely return if can get similar price. 
Had to bring my new puppy with me on a business trip and stayed at the Palmer House. The service was wonderful, staff was very friendly towards dog owners, even stopped to tell me how nice my dog was. Easy access to red line from Midway. Valets were prompt at retrieving car (they recommended calling down in advance we did and the car was there waiting). 
Just returned from a week in Chicago with the family. This hotel was perfect for us. Location is great, kids loved the pool as a place to wind down after a day of museums, touring, ball games, etc. We checked in through Hilton Honors Desk as opposed to the regular check in line. Even though our reservations were through priceline at a reduced rate, they gave us a pick of the the rooms. The room had a large closet which helped with the amount of gear we had with us. Used valet parking which was hasselfree. We had a great experience and would stay there again. 
My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and loved it. Our stay was booked for us by Virgin Atlantic when we booked our flights from London to Chicago. We were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the Hilton brand name. In the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel. On arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient. The interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built. The room we were given was a good size with 1 Queen bed which was particularly comfortable. The hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby. The first night we ate at the hotel's own gourmet restaurant (The Lockwood) which did not disappoint. The breakfasts are also served in this restaurant. We had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered. Generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful. A nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving. A member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive. Overall I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money. 
My wife and I redeemed some of my Hilton Reward Points to stay a few nights at the Palmer House. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. From the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice. As we were Diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge (free food & drinks). The service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of Chicago. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to Chicago. 
We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December, we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers, in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge, but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows, the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls, comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning, appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks, water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers, everyone should check it out! 
We just got back from a great weekend in Chicago and have no complaints about the Palmer House. It's very easy to get to from O'hare(the Blue line on the EL train) and then just a 2 block walk from the train station. The hotel itself is beautiful and the staff is super friendly and go out of their way to help. We booked an air/hotel package deal on Expedia. We expected to stay in a room with a full size bed but for only $45 extra per night we upgraded to the Excutive level! Best decision of the trip. We had a beautiful room with a King bed,down comforter,robes,plush towels etc...it also included a nice Continental breakfast each morning,all day snacks and beverages and a great happy hour! We took advantage of this every day. The location was great..lots of shopping along State St. and to get to the Magnificent Mile was a $5 cab ride or a 20 minute walk! We'll be back to Chicago and the Palmer House! 
Guys trip to Chicago, scored this hotel on Priceline for $100 a night. Had a little confusion over the bed situation at first. They said they only had kings available even after I had called and requested 2 doubles. After a 30 minute ordeal at the front desk they put us in a room with 2 doubles. The room was nice, nothing specacular, a little on the small side but nice. The lobby was beautiful to look at but that's about it. Hotel is within walking distance to Soldier Field, Sears Tower, ESPN Zone, and lots of bars and restaurants. Great location that and the price we got the room for made our trip. Would definately try and stay at this hotel again. 
We just returned from a weekend at the Palmer House. We normally stay north on the Mag Mile but wanted to be closer to Soldier's Stadium and the Art Insitiute this time. We were able to upgrade to a suite upon arrival at half the price that we paid for a regular room at the Four Seasons two weeks earlier. What a suite!! It was huge. The basic living room, dining room and kitchen/wet bar area was one large room. Up to three additional bedrooms can be added by the use of connecting doors. All rooms were spotlessly clean. They even smelled good. Lovely soaps, robes, etc. Lots of large closets. The bathrooms were older but well maintained. Much better than the ones at the Four Seasons. The furniture was nice but worn in some spots. The beds and linens were excellent. Room service was fast. The food and service were great. The pool and workout areas were clean and well maintained. We had one small problem with a burned out lightbulb in one of the lamps. Maintaince arrived quickly with a new bulb. They wouldn't allow me to tip them!! Check-in was somewhat slow as the hotel has been sold out for several weeks. This is a very large hotel, so they have to move a lot of people and rooms. Also, the hotel does not have views as it is configured like an "E". All in all, the Palmer House is a good value for the money. 
My wife and I decided to spend three days in Chicago last summer, and booked via Expedia. When we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its' beauty. It's like something out of Europe. We were able to get a free room upgrade, even though the rooms are still a bit small, but its' an old hotel in an old city. It's there for sleeping and showering. The restaurants, lounges, and shops were all wonderfull. The next time we travel to Chicago, I'll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the Palmer House Hilton 
I booked this hotel for $75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night. Totally blown away. Arrived on a Sunday night. Gave car to valet ($51/night). Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music. Check-in was smooth and easy. I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings. Upgrade to suite was available at a cost. I passed since only 1 night stay. I asked for a nice, quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine. Received room 10-120. Room was huge with 2 beds. Felt like 400 square feet. Newly renovated last year. Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out! Service from start to finish was top notch. Everyone had a smile on their face. Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome. Ordered room service at 10:45 PM. Arrived in 1/2 hour. food was so-so. Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast. Very good food and very good service. Strong coffee. Hotel is right on State Street shopping. FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year. Rest were done 5 years ago. For the price, it was a great bargain! Only complaint is bathroom is small. 
We booked this hotel using points on our credit card. When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by a friendly face. We arrived several hours before check-in. However, they let us check-in early. They also gave us a free room upgrade. The hotel is absolutely stunning! In addition, it is off of State Street. There are many things to do - shopping, dinning, theater. It is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the United Center or the airport. The hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge. The room was so dark and quiet we slept in. 
I stayed at the Palmer House for @ $150/night on a corporate rate. The bed was excellent, the linens/towels were top of the line. I did not find my room shabby, as other reviewers noted. The Palmer House is over 130 years old. Rooms have older woodwork and classic furniture; I think that lends to the ambience of the place. It is expensive, and I'm not sure I'd stay there if my company weren't picking up the tab. But the hotel itself is still awe-inspiring. 
Attended a conference at the Palmer House and it truly surpassed my expectations. I had no idea it would be so large, so nice and with so many amenities. I also didn't realize that it is just around the corner from Milenium Park and the Art Institute. We were met at the door by the friendliest staff. Even with a long line at check-in, the entire process was about 10 minutes. We enjoyed the room with the up-to-date TV, decent size bathroom and comfortable bed. Had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant. Paid $200/night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown Chicago. We have stayed at the Sofital which is much more upscale, but we also paid over $300/night there. 
beautiful place with European charm. No complaints, great location, (never like parking in Chicago, though). It was $35 a night next door. Large beautiful lobby, a touch of class. Fantastic location for downtown, Navy Pier, and the great Grant Park(Millenium Park, too)...Loved it. 
Spent three nights at the hotel for a girls weekend. The staff was wonderful, room was beautiful and location great. You can take the train directly from Midway and walk one block to the hotel. Very close to museums and restaurants. I have stayed here before and it always proves to be a great choice for a trip to Chicago. 
It has been a couple of years since I stayed here, and got it for a night last weekend on Hotwire. I paid only $100 and stayed a Saturday night. I was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel. The lobby has always been great, but the rooms were a little shabby in the past. Not any more, as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years. The location is still amazing, and with the Berghoff open again, there is a great restaurant within walking distance. 
Stayed here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference. This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect. The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel. My room was small, but beautiful. The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows. Alas, no coffee maker in the room...The staff was helpful and friendly. I'd stay here again! 
We just returned from a girls shopping /sight-seeing trip.The Palmer House was like home away from home.The hotel is undergoing renovations but we did not notice any inconveniences or hear any noise from the work.The lobby was breathtaking, all dressed up for Christmas.The staff from check-in to housekeeping was very welcoming and friendly.Our room was updated with two beds and two separate baths which was great for everyone to have their own personal space.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.Chicago is a great town. 
