I travelled to Illinois from the UK on business, and booked Friday and Saturday night at the Homewood Suites so that I could have a weekend in the city. The location was perfect, walking distance to Michigan Ave for all the shopping and touristy stuff, and literally 100 yards to the L (red line) for getting out to the surrounding areas. The room was great: not exactly 'wow' decor but clean and really well stocked. I was expecting a 'suite' to be a larger than average hotel room with seperate sitting area. It was actually a 3-room mini-apartment, with an open lounge/kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom. Two flatscreen TVs and a huge bed. Breakfast buffet eggs and bacon were great for the hangover(!), and the kitchen meant that I could cook up some lunch rather than eat out if needed. 
My sister and I went to Chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because I have a friend who works at Homewood Suites here in Cleveland so we got a discount. The valets were really friendly, you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel. Check-in is on the 6th floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level. That also made finding the hotel tricky because I expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that I just had to pull over to the right side of the street. The lady at the front desk was friendly and informative. Our room was very clean. The fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants, storing and reheating food. The complimentary breakfast was great! They have real food such as eggs, bacon, french toast, cereal, bagels, juice, milk, and yogurt. The hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to Navy Pier and passes by Michigan Avenue. They also have free WiFi. Overall, I would definately stay here again and I would recommend it to others. 
I stayed at this Hotel for 1 night. We just wanted to stay in downtown Chicago. This hotel is right next to John Hancock building. Walking distance to many shopping, restaurant, and everything else. From valet people to front desk people, they were all very friendly and helpful. The best thing about this hotel (other than the awesome location) is that all rooms are suites. You can choose 1 king or 2 double which will be inside the room and you get another sofa bed in the living room area. You get 2 TVs also. The roof top pool over looking Michigan lake was lovely also. 
Hi,Stayed here for three nights recently,From check in to check out all Staff members went out of their way to make sure everything was ok and if there was anything they could do to help us,directions,restaurants, transport,nothing was too much trouble,The dinner from monday to thursday 5-7 was a wonderful surprise,also the breakfast was more than adequet,Stayed on the 15th floor and slept soundly,Hotel close to everything for the tourist or business traveller.Restaurants and shopping all within 5-10 mins. 
everything that i read from other reviews was pretty much on the money, they have excellent customer service, the employees there really cared about their guests, there was always coffee, tea, hot chocolate in the lobby, good hot breakfast and dinner with wine and beer, the doormen were nice and willing to help out for directions, the room did the job, there was a kitchen, 2 flat screen tv's, and a pullout couch included, it was close to the "eL", but for us we found the buses to be more useful. I would recommend getting a pass, we got a 3 day pass and it was well worth it for $14 which we got at jewel osco, not too far from the hotel, for the most part the majority of the people that were there were older people on a business trip and families, but us three girls didn't mind, so i would definitely recommend this place, it was one of the cheapest places were found out of all the other hotels. 
I used to stay at the Homewood Suites all the time on business but have not stayed there on business since 2005 - since that time my company has been doing business in the suburbs instead of downtown. During December of 2007 and this year 2008 I did stay there a few days with my family and was greeted as if I never left. There is a lady named Connie who works the breakfast shift and she greets everyone and always remembers you from years before. A wonderful lady indeed - my wife even commented to me on the way to Chicago if that lady would still be there and would still remember and yes she does! Its a great place to stay. 
we stayed here in january when it was -20. but even then we enjoyed it so much we could not wait to get back. chicago is a great town to visit and the homewood suites is the place to stay, period. now we stayed from the 9/5/2009 to 9/5/2009 and enjoyed every day. (p.s. the weather was in the high 70s). to get back to the hotel, it was fantastic, it has everything you need and its write in the heart of the city. two seperate rooms were very handy as we had our teenage son. full kitchen, (laundry on 7th floor) seveal foodmarkets within walking distance, everything within walking distance. you wont need a car and at $42 for valet parking you wont want one. dont take my word for it , check it out you wont be disappointed. oh and did i mention free breakfast and dinner . job done. its a no brainer book now. p.s. theres also a beach within walking distance 
i was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me. the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away. perfect location! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette. breakfast is the best... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast... i mean everything you can imagine...waffles, bacon, sausage , hash browns, toast, danishes, omelets, burritos, all freshly made... not artifical... really good. and clean .. also they have a free dinner... buffet.. excellent... mexican night, chinese night, american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $279 a night. a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago... will come again! 
This was a wonderful stay. The staff was extremely helpful , The rooms are especially large, and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy. The breakfast and supper were excellent. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance, they have take-away plates you can take up to your room. the business center, gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in Chicago. 
I visited Chicago with my two teenage daughters. Homewood Suites is amazing. The complimentary breakfast and receptions offer so much variety. The hotel was within walking distance to many places to eat and shop. We got caught in a thunderstorm, and got soaking wet. I dried all our clothes in the dryer right in the hotel! The Homewood Suites was so much like home. The suite was very spacious and had everything we needed. The hotel had lots of brochures and suggestions for dining and activities. The staff was so friendly and helpful. Chicago is an amazing place and the Homewood Suites is the place to stay. I would definitely stay there again. 
Our third stay at the Homewood Suites Chicago proved to be just as great as the previous two. The staff are consistently friendly, polite and professional - and this applies whether they are working at the front door, servicing the rooms, managing the breakfast room or on the reception desk. They genuinely seem happy to be working here and can't do enough for their guests. The rooms are large and clean and seem to have good insulation from each other (we didn't hear a thing from our neighbours and the hotel was quite busy). The hotel is well placed for walking to the shops on Michigan Ave, or catching a bus or subway. There is a Jewel Osco and a Trader Joes each within a couple of blocks, which are perfect for stocking up on groceries etc. My husband heartily recommends 'Binnies Beverage Depot' for a huge variety of beer. Now all we need is an excuse to return to Chicago next year - then we can make it four years on the run at the Homewood Suites, because we wouldn't stay anywhere else! 
When making my reservation, I made it for one of the most busiest weekends during the summer Memorial Day. The staff was able to get my family in at an affordable rate. The suites are very spacious, clean, cozy, and comfortable. Upon on arriving staff were friendly, willing to exceed expectations, and serve me with enthusiasm. The Hot Breakfast was delicious each morning. The beds are very comfortable and provided a good nights rest. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who need additional space when traveling and on a budget compared to other Chicago hotels. 
The location of this hotel was excellent as it is just beside the subway and the bus stop for the free trolley bus to Navy Pier is just beside the hotel. The room was very spacious. Kind of too big for a solo traveler. The view from the room was excellent and it was a great view to sleep at night. The bathroom was spacious too and the room has a big wardrobe. The kitchen has microwave oven and cooking utensils. Some of the cooking utensils were a bit dirty, probably because they had not been used for sometime. However, the microwave oven was very useful as I can heat up food to eat at night. You can easily walk to the magnificent mile by cutting across the shopping mall across the road. Do check out Pizzeria Uno which is near the hotel that serves the delicious deep dish pizza. For cheaper food, do check out the foodcourt at the shopping mall. The hotel also serves breakfast and dinner from Mon to Thur. I did not find the food that fantastic but it was pretty decent. I will strongly recommend this hotel to everyone going to Chicago. 
My family and I stayed at this hotel during an extended weekend trip in July, 08. We had (3) 1 bedroom suites. Great Location in downtown Chicago. Within walking distance to shopping and most downtown tourist attractions. The service was excellent and the hotel staff was friendly. The breakfast buffet was very good but the eating area can get crowded. I recommend going early. The rooms were quiet and clean. I highly recommend this hotel for families and for travelers staying >2-3 days. We would stay here again. Parking is expensive, about $28/day. It is valet. The cheapest self parking I could find in the area was $24/days so we did valet parking. The valet and bell staff were very helpful and friendly. This is my 3rd experience with Homewood Suites (3 different cities). I have had a great experience each time. 
Stayed over Memorial Weekend for 2 nites, 2 rooms. Great Hotel, we always love breakfast in morning,and drinks in even when applicable. Around the corner from magnificent Mile,and close to lots of restaurants. Staff was great, we even checked in early before noon,and other room available less than hour later. Fresh fruit was available to us,and bell guys are cool. Suites are on small side compared to other homewoods but no complaints here, house cleaning kept our room clean,and we felt safe! 
Our first visit to Chicago and I really cannot wait to go back. The hotel was in a great location and every member of staff we had contact with were exceptionally helpful. Particular mention should go to the door staff who were amazingly helpful. The room was clean, quiet and spacious, if only every hotel were like this. 
Just back from a business trip. The Homewood is in a great location just off the Magnificent Mile, includes a great breakfast, heavy hors d'ouevres for dinner with beer and all for a pre-paid rate of $129. Without a doubt the best value in Chicago for a long, long time. 
Perfect location, clean and courteous staff all added up to a great stay. Its in an area with plenty of stores ( The Mile) and restaurants. Hotel lobby is on the 6th floor and the elevator to get there was annoyingly slow but overall I would highly recommend this place regardless if your there with a family, friends or on business. The subway to Wrigley is a 1/2 block away from the front door. 
This hotel was very beautiful. I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast. It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation. The Continental breakfast was magnificent! I didn't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful. 
I love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights. The hotel is clean and nice rooms The pool needs some updating(but kids don't care) My friend and I took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect 
I was very happy with my stay at the Knickerbocker. The room were nice, and the staff was excellent. I was able to stay here for $80 per night thru Priceline. That was an incredible bargain in my opinion .. this hotel is very nice. It has an excellent location ... just off of Michigan Ave. All of the best shopping in Chicago can be found right around the corner. It's a great location ... very close to many great attractions. If there is any negative it would be that there is no swimming pool, but I think that is common with a lot of the older hotels in Chicago, I would definately recommend this place ... hopefully I will be able to stay there again in the future. 
My first trip back to Chicago in about 7 years was perfect! I chose the Knickerbocker as I had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to Michigan Avenue, Rush Street and downtown Chicago. I must say I was very impressed with the guestrooms! I had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what I've seen in photo's posted on the reviews. The guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel! The beds are wonderful -- I need to get a pillow top mattress at home! I used the Internet access with no issue and I LOVED the larger screen TV's. The shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose. And the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile. I'm anxious to get back to Chicago and it won't be 7 years from now! I would highly recommend this hotel -- fantastic guestrooms, location and staff! I've added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the one's I saw on previous reviews with the new renovation. 
We absolutely loved the Knickerbocker. Now, if you expect your hotels to be cookie cutter comfortable, forget this place. If Holiday Inns are like the rows of housing developments in the suburbs, the Knickerbocker is like those beautiful old houses in the center of the city. The location is great, the hotel bar is cozy and classy, and the rooms feel like guest bedrooms in Victorian mansions. For the price, you simply can't do any better than this in downtown Chicago. 
Other reviews complain about the small rooms. For a major city, we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings. One feature we liked is the ability to open the window. The Knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off Michigan Avenue in the best area of Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful. For the $116 we paid on Hotwire, we could not have found a better room in downtown Chicago. 
We were greeted by staff with excellent customer service skills. Our room was such a pleasant surprise, from the flat screen TV, the full size shower with rain showerhead & hand held shower wand, the wall attached toilet with flushing options (on the wall), the comfortable bed, the lovely lighting options, etc.. The size of the room was snug, and very comfortable, as would be, in a historic hotel. It was also quiet, and I know that the hotel was sold out. My sister was in the room next door. We did not hear her TV. We also loved walking less than a block, to the shopping and restaurants on North Michigan Avenue. 
We stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend's wedding. The price was about 50% to 65% of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area. First the minuses. 1.) The standard rooms are small. if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade. 2.) Since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted. 3.) There really are no views from the hotel. Now the plusses. 1.) The shower is AWESOME. Probably one of the best hotel showers I've seen. Rain shower with wand, great pressure and the enclosure didn't leak like a lot of these shower stalls do. Very nice. 2.) The fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch. Very modern and clean. 3.) The bed was great. Better than some hotels that promote their beds. Great nights sleep. Overall. This is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room. If you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work. Anyone else should really like the experience. All I care about when I travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day. If you are the same this is a good spot for you. 
We stayed 2 nights at the Knickerbocker and could not have had a better stay. The hotel has recently renovated there rooms. The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful from Dave and Cora at the martini bar to Julie at the front desk who help out with an upgrade for us. The hotel has everything you need for your stay and is close to all the fun that Chicago offers. Our pick for THE CITY is the Knickerbocker. JOHN and JUDY. 
The Knickerbocker hotel is fantastic! It's an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once. The hotel has a fabulous location. It's a one minute walk to the Cheesecake Factory and Bloomingdales, and about a 5 minute walk to Einstein Bagel Company (the best bagels and cream cheese EVER), Macys and Saks. This location can't be beat. You're at one end of the magnificent mile, so it makes for easy strolling, as you don't start in the middle and then backtrack. The hotel staff are super helpful and friendly. Checking in and out was very smooth, and the concierge (Cheryl) was amazing. She booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us, and recommended an incredible restaurant called Carmines which was a 5 minute walk. It was the greatest italian restaurant I have ever been to, and I can't recommend it more. The rooms are small but not too small. We had a beautiful big samsung flat screen, cordless phones, a rain shower, ample clean towels, and beautiful marble countertops. The hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like I was at a 5 star hotel in Europe. The beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter. The only complaint I had was that housekeeping woke us up at 8:30 one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on. When we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed. The issue was corrected, though, and it didn't happen again during our 4 night stay. The hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping. Very cute. Their late night menu, however, is lacking. It would have been nice to see some soup on there. That being said, I RARELY order from room service when on vacation, so I really don't see that being a big deal. Overall I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. I think we paid about 130 a night and I would say it was worth far more than that. We had a wonderful experience and I truly look forward to staying there again....wouldn't stay anywhere else! 
Just got back from three nights at the Knickerbocker. Went up to Chicago for some last minute Christmas shopping. Hotel is in a great location. North end of Michigan Ave. about half a block away. Staff was very nice and professional. Everyone we came in contact with was very helpful. Granted this is a older hotel and some of the rooms are no bigger than closets. We were booked into a standard room and when we arrived we upgraded to a deluxe room. Good size room, with nice furnishings and a comfortable bed. Bathroom was somewhat small. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room every day. Did not eat at the restaurant Nix, but saw several people getting orders delivered to the bar. Overheard comments saying the food was very good. Drink service at the Martini Bar can be slow. Martinis run $9 and up. Very good drinks and they don't shy away from the liquor. Valet parking was $35 a day with in/out priviliges. Overall a great stay. Would definately stay at this hotel in the future. 
My wife & I celebrated our anniversary at the Knickerbocker & could not have been treated better. Before we were out of our cab, our bags had been loaded on a cart & we were walked into the hotel by a doorman. The rooms were well appointed & the entire hotel staff was very friendly. This is a prime location for shopping, sightseeing or nightlife. 
What a quaint, warm and friendly place to stay! Very accomodating ..had 2 dble beds and bathroom was fine....a bit small compared to USA hotels....but compared to european travel...the place was palatial! Would def. stay here again. Location is great too! 
Stayed there three nights from 4/17/09 through 4/20/09. Chechecked in about 9:15 AM. Had to wait about 15 minutes because of specials requests I had made. Room was quiet, and comfortable. Marked improvement over last time I stayed there (about 5 years ago). The renovations were great, and maintained the old time charm of the hotel. 
This hotel was magnificent! Not only was it a mini palace, but the staff was polite, helpful, and professional. In an e-mail I received before we left for Chicago, the concierge, Les, offered to get us tickets, directions, reservations to anything we'd like to see/do. He also got us an upgrade on our room, and when someone rudely butted in line as we were registering, the registry person said they would upgrade our room just for that. And so we were granted a beautiful suite complete with king size bed and jacuzzi. The bed and the linens were so comfortably both of us slept late every morning! 
If you have not tried the Millennium Knickerbocker for a stay in Chicago, do it now! We have stayed (and enjoyed) at the Drake, Intercontinental and others, but we always now come back to the Knickerbocker. Why? If "Charlie" the doorman is on duty and you pull up, he will welcome you. He'll probably ask your name. Why? Because he wants to call you by your name every time he will see you during your visit. Somehow he even lets the other employees know your name and all of a sudden, doorman, receptionist, bellman, waiter are referring to you by name. The employees are what makes this hotel. Yes, it has everything to offer like all hotels, but the others don't have the fine people (including the cleaning staff) these folks have. Try it, you will like it. We look forward to our next visit already... 
I love this hotel. It is one of the best that I have stayed in. The lobby was beautiful and the room was nice and comfortable. The made services was terrific. No matter what time we left the room it was made up when we came back. I asked the maid for a couple of extras and she was very nice and friendly. That is what I liked about the hotel the staff was so nice and friendly. I was there with my daughter for a girl's weekend from Thursday - Sunday. Everyone from the doorman to the concierge to the people at the desk etc. was wonderful. I can't say enough good about this hotel. Yes the bathroom was small, but I wasn't moving into the room. I was just staying there a few days and was hardly in the room anyway. I will definitely stay there again 
We really enjoyed our brief stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker! From the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender, everyone we met was helpful and welcoming. Our 11th-floor room was clean and beautiful, and the view looking north to the Drake Hotel and apartments across the street was nice. The in-room coffee service was appreciated, too. There isn't a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries, but I'd still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day! 
OK, we are back from the Knickerbocker and I would give it the best rating. I can't believe the bad reviews. I got a priceline deal, and I still got a fine room, clean, up-to-date furnishings (OK a little traditional for my taste) and smoke free. Someone said in another thread that some people write prank reviews. I think such people should get a life because people want to read the truth. Here it is from my point of view. Both rooms on 10th floor. Regarding the size of the rooms. We had two rooms. One was a 2 double bed room. It was about 20' x 15'. Each double bed had valences that were kind of mini-canopies. The furniture, bathroom tile, shower (no tub), wall paper and paint had been done in the last few years. A Chinese inspired cabinet held TV, coffeemaker, ice bucket, and mini-bar. Three separate levels (TV, ice/coffee, and minibar) The other room was called "Queen executive". This one had queen bed with more of a canopy than valence, sofabed, two TVs and terry bathrobes. Also about the same size but different configerations. One TV faced the bed, other in the three level cabinet, the sofabed. Smoke in the lobby. There is a bar to the right of the entrance. It is an open arrangement so that I am sure the smoke comes from bar to entrance door. No smoke smell in no-smoking rooms. Cost of rooms $75 on priceline plus taxes. Very good value one block from N. Michigan Ave. Only complaint. Concierge said that the free trolley didn't go down Michigan Ave to Field Museum/Museum complex when in fact it does. Was this ignorance? or trying to throw more business to taxi? Either case, not good. He said at this time of year free trolley only goes to Navy Pier during winter....which is clearly incorrect. 
My wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel. I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice, it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price. We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead. I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job. This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip (I did). But that is not the case any more. This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer (albeit smaller) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel. The rooms are tastefully decorated (Asian influence w/flat screen tv) and the bed is very comfortable. The bath is small (no tub), but very clean and the shower is great. You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago, so the room's size is not a big deal. (It works well with a couple, but a family of four may be a bit cramped.) The service was attentive and friendly and the location can't be beat. I would definitely stay here again, but the next time I would leave the car at home ($49/night parking is a bit steep). 
I loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities. Great location, as it's so close to both lakeshore and city. Chicago is such a walkable city, so this was a superb base. The staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient. The room was wonderful - very, very comfortable and exceptionally clean. Great chair. Great coffee. Lovely bathroom with a huge, absolutely fantastic shower. It was also extremely quiet. That, and the best bed ever, meant I slept so well and since I was there for a week, that was very important to me. Yummy martinis at the Martini Bar. I will most definitley be back! 
I was lucky enough to get a "4 star" hotel off of Priceline for $70 - I was luckier that I got the Knickerbocker! From check in to check out the hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms are small but cozy. After reading the reviews from other guests I was somewhat scared of what I would find - they must have stayed at a different hotel. I am a very frequent traveler and felt that the rooms and the hotel met the "4 star" rating. Yes, the rooms and bathrooms were small, but what historic hotel in a big city isn't? The decor and quality met my expectations. The lobby and bar were very inviting. Overall, I would stay here again and again. 
I stayed here for about a week during a conference and the service was excellent. In addition to the excellent service the location was great. With quick access to Michigan Ave.. The bars and Shula's restaurant were excellent. You must have the rib-eye steak...very well done. 
When we were stranded in Chicago for two days since our flight home was canceled, our airline put us in touch with hotels.com who found us the room at the Sheraton Towers. After a long and frustrating day that ended up with us still in Chicago, arriving at the Sheraton was a joy. The entire staff was wonderful. The bell staff was great helping us (finally) let go of the heavy bags, Jonathan at check in was very helpful and had us in a room which he upgraded for us in no time. We enjoyed the location and the facilities of this property during our unexpected stay and would highly recommend this location to others. We can't say enough about the staff. If we are in Chicago in the future we will definitely return here! 
We stayed at the Sheraton by Navy Pier the first weekend of November and were very pleased with the accommodations and the service. We were upgraded to club level rooms and stayed in 3114 and 3115 adjoining. The view from both rooms was spectacular (as you can tell from the picture attached). They also left a plate of cookies and treats in the kids room upon check-in which made us all feel very special. The hotel is central to both Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. so we walked, trolleyed, and cabbed all around the area. We ate the breakfast buffet both mornings and thought it was pretty good. The eggs were a little runny, but they happily made a different batch for us at the omelet station. Our six year old ate free and our two eleven year olds were $14 (instead of the adult $20) The rooms were clean, the concierge & reception staff were both friendly and helpful...we will definitely visit this Sheraton again when we're in Chicago next time. 
Having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website, I arrived tired from Ireland, to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night, but did have rooms for the rest of the week. They booked me in to another (not as nice) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation. On my return to the hotel next day, I was upgraded to the Club level. What really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake...unprompted. Of course, the hotel itself (particularly on the 32nd floor) is excellent. I will definitely be back. 
We recently celebrated our 20th anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. Having looked at a gizillion places I chose this one because of its location to Navy Pier. (We were going on a dinner cruise-The Odyssey at Navy Pier) The hotel is a short walk...unless you are wearing heels:) to Navy Pier. We found out on the way home only a $5 cab ride:) worth $20 to your blisters!! Its also only a short walk to Michigan Ave shopping...for comfortable shoes perhaps?? I chose this hotel because of location, but the views are also terrific. This time we had a lake view of Navy Pier, but our previous trip we had a river and lake view. both very nice. The hotel is very nice. Several restaurants, although we haven't tried them. The burger place downstairs sure smelled good though:) We ended up at Bubba Gumps at Navy Pier. GOOD! The rooms were very spacious and CLEAN!! I am kind of a germaphobe! so clean is important for my sanity:) The bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk, and a cool water fountain. :) I obviously highly recommend this hotel:) I <3 CHICAGO 
The sheraton was a wonderful hotel! When me and my mom flew in we were really tired so we decided to take a quick nap. We didnt want to get up! The beds are absolutely to die for. I wanted to take it home with me. The service was great and this was probably one of the biggest if not the biggest hotel ive ever stayed in. They had a really nice restaurant inside with excellent food. 
We always stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers when we take our kids to the city. You can't beat the location which is in walking distance of Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous Fox & Obel, a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast. The hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds. My kids enjoy the pool with it's windows that overlook the Chicago river. 
My husband, teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last August. We were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of Chicago. When I complained I asked for us to be transferred to the Sheraton which they arranged for us. I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best. The room (although I know it was not the largest) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed. It also had superb views of the river and the lake. The entrance hall to the Sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre. In fact all areas are fantastic. The best thing about the hotel though was the staff! From the bellboy, to the receptionists, the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful. One of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son! Above and beyond the call I would say! I cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough. The breakfast buffet cost about 10 dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did!! It lasted us all day. If you have the choice of where to stay I think you will enjoy the Sheraton! We did!! 
We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August. We waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open, this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two's. Our room had a great view of Navy Pier and was a good size. The bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean. The location of the hotel is the best, we walked to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two. Would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again. 
I have been 4 times in Chicago, and I have stayed in 4 different Hotels: This has been for much the very best option. The lobby, the warm of the receptionist, the room, the hotel is very good. It is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and there's no chance for you to get lost from this hotel. If you like to travel with style this could be a very good option. 
I stayed for just one nite at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other TA posters but I was not let down. I got the room via PL @ $70 and was first placed in a room on the 8th floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot. Since I had nothing to lose, I asked to be moved to a "room with a view". The front desk attendant( Rasheeda) wanted to make sure that the room I had at first was clean and was in order and I assured her that it was. She then moved me up to the 24th floor with ease and it took about 1 minute. I was quite surprised as I have heard that they treat PL and Hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers. The new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the Navy Pier, a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of Lake Michigan. All this for $70? Yep! I skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious! The room was comfy, had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location. I didnt use it since I wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk. The bed and pillows were very comfy, but I awoke at about 330 in the morning sweating from the comfy but VERY WARM and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed. This was a great deal for the price and I would absolutely stay here again. 
I booked this via Priceline, and was not sure I'd like it, as some Sheratons have fallen off the cliff. This hotel absolutely surpassed my expectations. Despite booking with Priceline, I was treated like a king. They let me check in early, gave me a beautiful room, and even went so far as to look up my Starwood number so I could get some credit for the stay. The staff was unfailingly pleasant, the property immaculate, and the room very comfortable. I highly recommend this hotel. 
Great location - right on the Chicago River - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size, very clean and with a nice river view - Overall, a great staff - in particular I would like to point out Christy Morgan - Chief Experience Officer and Paula Fortney - Concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - (in the interests of full disclosure, we stayed here on our AMEX - Starwood points) 
This is a great hotel! The views are fabulous, the service it friendly and the location is superb. We booked a room on an upper floor and had access to the lounge where breakfast and snacks were available with picture perfect views of the Chicago River. The only negative is that the ceilings in the hall and room are low and can make you feel a little cramped. We booked our room for $89 a night for Memorial Day weekend. It was a steal! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning! 
i stayed at this hotel for a week with my family this hotel is huge so clean has comfy beds foods great staff couldn,t of being any nicer. stayed here for thanksgiving it was fabulous second time in chicago and still want to go back again ... the hotel is within walkin distance to both state street and michicgan avenue.There,s taxis right outside the hotel and the concierge can also ring for mini buses if your travelling with a big crowd.there,s also a cinema 2 mins away opposite the hotel . Perfect Hotel for a great get away ... 
My daughter and I were in Chicago for one night after having attended a three-day conference elsewhere in Illinois. We were only in Chicago on our way home. We didn't know where to stay in Chicago, but booked one night at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based on their ad in the Chicago Visitors Guide. We're glad we did! We enjoyed our stay very much. Our room was very comfortable and well appointed and had a wonderful view of the city. That's what we wanted--a great view, and we got it. Also, the hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and is accessible from the bus stop (we took the train and bus from the airport into the city and it wasn't bad--saved us a lot of money). The elevators to our room were fast and quick and there was one always available. We found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating. The only downside for us is that we had only booked one night in Chicago. We wish we could have stayed there at the Sheraton for at least another night. We would definitely stay there again. 
My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers in February. Everything about the hotel and experience was superb. The location was wonderful as well. Our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards Navy Pier. The best part of the stay was the "sweet sleeper" bed. It was so comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful as well. Nothing bad to say about this Sheraton! I will stay here again! 
This was a great place to be! Great views of river and lake, walk to everything, a clean and comfortable room, and very accommodating staff. We arrived early and were checked in by 10:30 am and checked out late , effectively adding two days to our vacation. It is a large hotel but the staff works hard and takes good care of the customers. 
This is one of my favorite Sheratons/Starwood properties. I have stayed at a lot of hotels (mostly Starwood) in Chi but all around, this is my favorite based on cost, amenities and downtown location. I really like it beginning with unloading the taxi because I am greeted by Nick who has been there for years. He gives the best greeting from LA to NY and is always happy! He obviously loves his job. People at the front desk are always nice and efficient. If you like to workout, Roberta runs their fitness center. Another one who loves their job and serves guests well. Great lake / river view while working out. On this particular trip I was caught in a pinch; however, Christy the former mgr was able to take care of a frequent guest. I considered it a "minor miracle" based on hotel availability. The maids on 29th floor were very friendly and efficient. Another great experience. 
The Sheraton is a fantastic hotel. My wife and I stayed on the 29th floor overlooking the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. The view was great. We got a corner room that also had a couch in. The hotel was just a short walk to the Navy Pier and the Magnificant Mile Shopping area. Food at the hotel was great. Service from checking in to maid service was first class. Great Hotel, Great Town, Highly recommend it. 
We booked our room at the Swissotel on Hotwire for $88 (unbelievable rate!) and were extremely impressed with the Swissotel. The staff was so polite and catered to our every need. The room was oversized, clean, and had a large bathroom. We had a partial view of Lake Michigan, which was an added bonus. On the 42nd floor, they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from 3 sides. Spectacular! We sat in the hot tub and looked down on Navy Pier. We can't wait to go to the Swissotel again! 
We stayed at the swissotel for our 25th anniversary. We got a corner room with both a lake and city view. The room was very clean and spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for late checkout, and was told no problem. If you bring your car, park in millinum parking it is just 2 blocks away. The cost there is $14.00 compared to the swissotel which is $41.00. 
Stayed here for one night in June, but have stayed here before when on business in Chicago. Great location for business/shopping/sightseeing. In between Michigan Avenue's Magnificent Mile and the Loop and next to the Chicago River. Rooms very spacious and clean. Gym has a wonderful view, as it is situated on the top of the hotel. Bar next to lobby, very busy with good atmosphere. Cannot fault the hotel. Prefer it to the Westin - my previous address when in Chicago. 
The Swisshotel is awesome. Very high class. It is expensive , but so is every hotel in Chicago. It is off from the dingy areas of our city , yet a long walk to Navy Pier, so you will need to pay for the cab. Note to all the Magnificent Mile is boring as can be. I live in Chicago and the hotel is a better experience than the Mile of Navy (BORING) Pier. 
Swissotel was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in! The room and bathroom were quite large for downtown Chicago. The pool and hot tub were also very nice. I would definately recommend this hotel. We didn't hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city. It is in a great location - walking distance to Millenium Park, the Loop and Michigan Ave. 
a great hotel, we used the CTA the 2 days we were in Chicago and it is great, that the Line 6 stops nearly in front of the hotel. So we did not need any taxi and traveled from Midway to the city and to Ohare for 9$ and we used the buses alot (freezing cold). The hotel itself is great, very clean rooms, realy on of the best bathrooms i ever had. Staff very friendly, they even found me out were i can get Timerland shoes.... and she was right i got them in one place she told me... thats service...I also was having a look to the gym room and the swimming pool area, did not use it and I do not know if it would have been included in the room price....but realy a nice view makes running easyer.... 
If you want to stay in a fabulous hotel in the city and you're willing to pay a little extra, I'd recommend this place.Also, pay the extra for a corner room - the views of the city are spectacular.A short walk to Michigan Avenue. Excellent service from the valets, concierge, lobby agents, and waitstaff in the restaurants. The food in the restaurants was great and room service wasn't too shabby either.Well worth the money! 
I stayed at the Swissotel for a business trip the first week of Aug 2007. I arrived late the first night and got shoved into a hospitality room the first night. However, this was more than made up when after a strong talk they assigned me a corner room on the 28th floor. EXCELLENT view of the city, river and Lake Michigan. In fact, I would say the corner room of the Swissotel has a better view than any other hotel in the vicinity. The room was huge, and everything was clean and the bathroom was nice. The hotel is very convieniently located to the Magnificient Mile and Millenium Park. Would very much recommend this hotel, and would suggest trying every method possible to get a corner room in a higher floor. 
I thought the Swissotel was a great hotel. The rooms were very spacious and clean, especially for downtown Chicago standards. Most importantly, the rooms were quiet. I never heard people in the hallways when I was trying to sleep. The only downside was that the beds were not anything special. Sure, like all hotels in Chicago, this hotel caters to wealthy and/or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price. However, if you are aware of that prior to arrival, its not a big deal (ie finding a different place to park the car, bringing our own snacks for the room). It would be nice though if hotels such as the Swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use. Staff was very helpful. Bellmen instantly got cabs upon request, and the front desk was efficient and helpful. Overall, if I can get a good rate again, I'll stay at the Swissotel the next time I am in Chicago. 
My boyfriend and I were amazed by the breathtaking view of Lake Michigan! We are from Texas so the view of the city was very important to us. We had no problems at this hotel... rooms, service, location were top notch. 
This is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities. Everyone was helpful. The breakfast buffet was wonderful. The bed was "just like home". We would definitely stay again. A nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home. It was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best. 
This was our third trip to Chicago this year (we LOVE the city!) - every time we stay at a different downtown hotel. Swissotel was definitely our favourite. When we come back in July to see the play " Wicked" for the second time, we will be again at Swissotel. No more need to try other hotels! The location is good because it is between the financial district and the Magnificent Mile. The room was spotless and quiet, the view amazing and those elevators were so fast. Comfortable beds, friendly service, not as many noisy sirens! We even watched the Navy Pier fireworks from our bed! This was the best anniversary ever. We would recommend Swissotel to everyone! 
Stayed here on business a few nights and really liked it. Very attractive, classy and comfortable hotel that's got an element of sexy and sharp. Public spaces are very nice, with an open area bar in the front lobby and nice sitting areas. Rooms are lovely as well, with handsome fixtures and furniture, a terrific desk work space and comfortable bed. Bathroom amenities and fixtures are sleek and attractive as well. Best of all, the hotel has breathtaking views of the city and the water - both the river and the lake. If you're working in the area, it's the best choice for that part of town, and I prefer it to the nearby Hyatt and Monaco. 
We have been for the first time in Chicago and stayed in the Swissotel for five nights,a wonderful place.Room was on the 29th floor,absolutely clean and nice and a breathtaking lakeview.Breakfast perfect and service really good.People were always helpful.It's a little bit far from Magnificent mile and the loop,but in front of the hotel there are buses (number6)waiting there next turn,not a real bus stop,but drivers are frindly and you can get on the bus.Next time going to Chicago we will again stay in the Swissotel. 
I just enjoyed a 3-day weekend at the Swissotel Chicago. A friend of mine booked it and got a GREAT rate. Cheaper than even a fleabag motel. So keep an eye out for specials. The view was great, the location was prime. The staff was helpful. The room was large (we had 2 double beds). I only have one complaint. Our room was next to some sort of storage or mechanical room where employees (I think) would sneak off to talk on the phone. The sound came right though the vent in our bathroom and we could hear them plain-as-day. Fortunately, the sound was only in the bathroom so it wasn't like it kept us up at night. It was just a little weird. Overall, a great stay and I will definitely stay there again. 
My 3 nieces and I stayed here for a long weekend, we had a wonderful time. We arrived early around 8:30am and they let us into our room. This was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register later Room was very clean as was the bathroom. With 4 women we needed extra towels, they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered. Room was also quiet, construction going on behind us and we never heard anything. Beds comfy and so were the quilts... Good location for Michigan Ave. All in all a wonderful stay. Would return. 
The best service!!! The staff here was incredible. You never had to lift a finger. The room was huge as hotel rooms go. The view was phenomenal. Location great. What a great weekend. We did stop for a drink at the Palm Restaurant and unfortunately, it closes at 11 p.m. Too bad!!! The Lobby Lounge is open later but drinks costs twice as much as the bar at the Palm. 
I loved it here! My boyfriend and I booked this hotel online and were a little worried what it would be like since we paid next to nothing for our 3 nights here. (I've paid more to stay at the Santa Barbara Motel 6!!) Gorgeous hotel, great staff, fun bar/lounge area and we were most impressed with the room. The large windows in the bathroom were the best--I took a bubble bath one night while looking at the views of Navy Pier and the skyline. I remember thinking, "This is really living..." The room was comfortable and quiet, again with great views just like in the bathroom. Chicago is a wonderful town--I have nothing but good things to say about it. CAn't wait to come back! 
We stayed at the Swissotel for a special birthday weekend for my wife from Aug 25 to 29. I had called ahead to ask for a nice room and to order flowers for my wife. Jaymes Ballard, the Concierge, made arrange for flowers, early check-in and we had a great room. Our room was the 33rd floor with a view facing the city. Room was large, everything looked like new, great bed, large bathroom with separate shower, great ammenities. A beautiful bouquet of flowers arrived upon our arrival. The hotel is about 10 mins from everything, not close but not far from anything. Has a great restaurant, 2 patios outside where I had a cigar. A really nice pool and hot tub on the 42nd floor. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and thanks to Jaymes for making our trip very special. 
I recently stayed at this hotel with my family (10-1 / 10-3). We had a terrific experience. I landed the hotel through Priceline for $80 per night and paid an additional $75 per night for a suite on the 41st floor. My two young boys loved it as the view was unbelieveable and the pool on the 42nd floor was easily accessible. I found all the employees that we interfaced with to be very friendly and accommodating. I would love to stay here again. 
