I was completely blown away by this hotel. It was magnificent. I got a great deal and I am so happy that I stayed here. Before arriving I was nervous as I had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay, for example very noisy. However, whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant, it made no difference to me. My room was huge, bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure, bed was perfect and the view was amazing. Hotel is so close to the great shops of Magnificent Mile, plus a comfortable walking distance to Hancock tower and Millennium Park. 
We've just returned from a two night stay at the Affinia Chicago and our visit was delightful. Thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance..it was a mess. And the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable. Even parts of the lobby had "wet paint" stickers. All these things could have made for a disappointing stay. Not so!! Although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff. After just a few minutes we felt like we were "at home." The suite on the 25th floor, with a fab view along a wall of windows, was sparkling fresh and clean. The bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly 50 years saying that it made her look younger...she was right! Everything in and about the room was "like-new" and very stylish. As a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the Magnificient Mile and all of its ambiance. Thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff, a fantastic location, and chic decorating elements, this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in Chicago. The stay was short..but sweet. 
Excellent location, feels like a boutique hotel. Right next to Neiman Marcus (V.expensive dept store) and 2 mins walk to John Hancock tower. As most American ,medium to high end, hotels service was excellent from the bellhop to reception. Upgrade to a suite if you are staying longer than a couple of days as walking around the windy city can be tiring and a suite feels like a small apartment. The pub in the basement is good for a sandwich and a Beer. They will be refurbing so take adavantage of lower rates now as I feel they will be going for very high end clients after the remodelling 
I travel a lot for business and quite frankly, my expectations were starting to reach new lows. I usually always choose W Hotels just for the consistency (of average hotels). The Affinia in Chicago has raised my expectations and W Hotels are going to suffer in comparison. This hotel is one of the cleanest I have stayed at in some time. Service was impeccable. Friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels I ordered arrived literally within minutes. The gym has new equipment with plenty of space. And such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music. I have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the Affinia and I was so pleased. My new "Chicago Hotel". It will even lead me to try the Manhattan hotels. 
We visited for my 40th birthday. We had never been to Chicago so was not sure where to stay. Found the deal on this hotel from Travelzoo. Great rate, staff was awesome, very helpful and nice, location was great. Enjoyed our stay but still like NYC better. Great, great hotel. Would stay again. 
As others have said, once all the construction works are completed I suspect that the prices this hotel can (legitimately) charge will put it out of our price range. Which will be a pity because it is an excellent hotel, & the location couldn't be better. The room was very spacious, with separate sitting & study areas & a nice bathroom. Only 3 minor points: downstairs they were serving a free basic breakfast (coffee & pastries), but we only knew of it on our last morning - nobody had mentioned this; the cost of internet - $9.99 - is a bit dear especially when lots of motels now offer it free; there was only powered milk in the rooms, which wasn't that nice. But none of these really spolied a really enjoyable stay. 
I checked in at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago shortly after dinner on Tuesday, I was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk. You can tell people were happy at the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. The room was very well decorated and well thought out. The furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space. Plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets The bedroom and washroom was very clean and I had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed. I was told by front desk i could choose from 6 different pillows, although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea. Once in a while you come across hotels with great service, well thought out rooms in a perfect location (right off Magnificent Mile). When visiting Chicago again I will definitely try and stay at Affinia again 
I had a large, roomy, clean 2 bed room with a large bathroom, big minibar snack assortment and was tucked away nicely in the corner so that there was no hall noise. Customer Service here was absolutely incredible, from the doorman to the front desk, to the gentleman who delivered my toothpaste to my room when I requested it. Sure, you get a little outside noise, but it is a big city, that is not unusual! I really enjoyed my stay here and strongly recommend it. 
This was a great hotel right in the heart of the Chicago Loop. Within walking distance to the downtown attractions. Parking is expensive ($50 p/nt) so we parked at a free remote location (recreation drive) since we weren't planning on driving once we checked in. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and clean. 
This hotel was PERFECT for our girls getaway. The decor is fun & refreshing. Loved the roof top bar. Every staff member was friendly & always smiling. The location is perfect for Michigan Ave shopping, the beach, dinner and night life. It was a mile or two from Millenium Station. The concierge recommended a couple places to hang out after dinner and added our names to the guest list (I'm sure they do it all the time but still a nice gesture). 
We stayed 6 pleasent days in this not too big and very friendly hotel. the rooms were spotless comfortable and great view too... also nice view from the roof-bar. The area is pleasant nice and clean, minute walk to magnificant mile, easy to walk around to the lake. friendly stuff, very clean, great warm hotel to stay in. it does not have the "big hotel" factory-like feeling - more like home :) 
My husband & I stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early June 2004 for my birthday-great hotel! Location provides easy walking to Navy Pier, Marshall Field, Michigan Avenue & John Hancock. Room seemed spacious even though its only about 300 sq ft. Lots of room in bathroom; comfortable bed; very quiet, upscale hotel. We would definitely stay here again! 
After reading the reviews & getting an excellent rate through travelzoo, I decided to give this hotel a try. I must say it was a great choice! The location is perfect, just off from N Michigan Ave, walking distance from everything. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room was excellent. They gave us a corner room w/a great view. As many have posted, the bed & pillows were very comfortable (I am very picky about that). I slept well every night! The renovation is almost done & did not bother us one bit. I highly recommend this hotel. 
Excellent location, about a block from Michigan Ave. and two blocks from Water Tower Place and John Hancock Tower. Beautiful hotel, felt very luxurious and high-class for being a moderate priced hotel. Staff was excellent -- friendly and accommodating. 
Stayed at this hotel with 3 friends or 4 nights. The hotel was clean and tidy, throughout. The Concierge Christopher was excellent and helped as with all our needs, gave us discount vouchers etc. Hotel was in excellent position. 3 blocks from John Hancok Building and more importantly The Cheesecake Factory , Bloomingdales 3 blocks away and the Water Tower Shopping Centre 2 blocks away. We went to the huge I Max cinema which is about ten minutes away. Cant wait to go back to Chicago and The Affinia 
The recently remodeled Affina was amazing - from the 6 choice pillow menu to the stocked "pantry and refrigerator" to the brand name bathroom ammenities. Within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need, the Affina is a great hotel. The staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs. Having never stayed in downtown Chicago before, the Affina over and above exceeded our expectations. Although our trip to Chicago was only for one night, we will consider staying at the Affina again for a future visit. 
We got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels' website newsletter. Affinia has a great location just off Michigan Avenue near the Water Tower. Beware however: parking is expensive in the Gold Coast....$48/night. Right from the start, Victor greeted us and made us feel welcome. Check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous. However, it was a handicapped acessible room and I wanted a tub, so one call to the front desk and we had another room. All rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful, comfortable and well appointed. The rooftop bar is a must-do. The outside patio has heaters and candles, a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views. We didn't sit inside the bar area. Pedro and Quentin were excellent bellmen, and Christopher (concierge) was very helpful. As we left, we shook Victor's hand (he's always there!) and told him we've found our new Chicago hotel! 
The Affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to Chicago. My wife and I stayed in an upgraded suite. Very large room, that is modern and has all the little touches. The staff was extremely helpful and professional. The location is excellent. The price is a good value for what you get. We simply couldn't find anything to criticize. Highly recommended! 
Have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted. Great Bar (draught Stella and Guinness) which was being upgraded at the end of March when I was last there, good food, lovely staff, large clean rooms, comfortable beds, spot on location for the Golden Mile, Joey's Pizzas next door are fantastic. Ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please. Highly recommended 
Stayed at the Chicago Affinia Dec 10 thru Dec 12 and was very impressed with the staff, the room, and the location. Close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great. Of course, there were many other restaraunts nearby as well. I had a little trouble figuring out the heat, but it was fine once I learned how to set it. They were working on the hotel, so we got a great rate. But the work never bothered us. The room was great, with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others. 
My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon in mid-October. We decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of Chicago in a week. I'll start out by saying that this was a great experience. At check-in, I indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite. The Ambassador East is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from the North end of the Magnificent Mile. It is also just a 2 or 3 minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on Rush. Our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed. Our suite (on the 3rd floor) had two very large closets, a large "living room" and a large bedroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough. If I would have payed full price for this suite, I probably would have given it a rating of 4, but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and I had such a great time here, I decided to give it a five. It is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful. My wife and I decided to eat at The Pump Room restaurant, but we were not very impressed. We found the food and service mediocre. The atmosphere was probably pretty neat when Sinatra used to eat there back in the day, but not anymore. Although we were unimpressed by the Pump Room, the staff were kind enough to seat us in the "Sinatra Booth" which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains. That neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here. The Ambassador East is an older hotel, but it is in a charming older neighborhood. The staff's kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me. When we are in Chicago again, we will definitely consider staying at the Ambassador East again. 
Our stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant. We enjoyed the location. We could easily walk to the Red line or access the bus lines along Michigan Avenue. We felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on N. State Street and Dearborn. We walked to 3rd Coast Cafe, the Chicago History Museum, and Second City from our hotel. Our room was spacious and well-kept, and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening. We would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown. We definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place. 
The Ambassador East is located in the Gold Coast neighborhood of Chicago. It is just a few blocks from the train station, so it was easy to get anywhere in town. The hotel is a National Historic Landmark so the lobby is elegant and beautiful. We loved the Pump Room bar with tons of B & W photos of celebrities. The service was wonderful and everyone was friendly and helpful. 
My stay at the Ambassador East was great! The hotel is in a great location in the charming Gold Coast neighborhood of downtown Chicago. Gave me the feeling of staying in a Chicago neighborhood vs. the concrete jungle of downtown, but the Magnificent Mile and Rush Street are just a few blocks from the front door. The staff was very friendly. Also, really enjoyed having drinks in the historic Pump Room. They had a live band on Saturday, and I really enjoyed looking at the pictures of the celebrities throughout the lounge that visited from years gone by. Definitely recommend it. 
Recently returned from a two-night stay at Ambassador East Hotel. Was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in Chicago. Mission was accomplished. If you would like a quiet, comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it. While some of the furnishings show some signs of their age, it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling. Found staff to be friendly and helpful. We will be return guests many times in the future for sure. 
The staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact. The "welcome back" sets the tone for your stay. Flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful. The house-keeping staff is terrific, helpful and prompt. Room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too. Pump Room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients. Well done! 
We just returned from 4 nights at the Ambassador East. What a gem! The location in the Gold Coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the Magnificent Mile. There is a train station about 2 blocks away. The room was very comfortable, with nice amenities, and there is free Internet service on the 2nd floor. Best of all was the bell and lobby staff! They really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived. I would say that this was the nicest hotel staff I've encountered in all my travels. 
We live down the block from the hotel. We arranged to have new floors put in our condo while we were away. The floors were not finished when we returned so we looked for an inexpensive local hotel for one night. I think the Ambassador East was the least expensive hotel within a reasonable distance so we decided to stay there. Over the years I had had some visiting groups stay there. I had also eaten there and been to the bar but I had never stayed there myself. The lobby is elegant. The service is great and the room was large and clean although a little outdated. The location is the best residential area in the city (as far as I am concerned -- I live two blocks away) and it is very convenient to North Michigan Avenue ( a good shopping street) and reasonably convenient to the Loop ( the main business area) There are also probably 50 restaurants in all price ranges in reasonable walking distance including some of the best in the city. I paid less than $100 including tax for one night. I am not sure what their regular rates are but I think my deal was the best travel bargain around. 
Be prepared the hotel is old. It is on the historic list. The is updating to be done no doubt.. So just be forewarned. It is clean and the staff is phenomenal. Having said that, you can not beat the location. Right in the heart of the Gold coast. Take a train from O'hare right into the city. It drops you off only 4 blocks from the hotel. One block from the beach and public transportation is right there. Incredible area to explore. I highly recommend the Ambassador East 
I love the Ambassador East, true, she's a little old but she's a classic treasure. The service is wonderful, from the minute you arrive you are greeted warmly and with a nice welcome! I felt the service was good, room was clean and quiet and that all the staff was very accomodating. The biggest gem is the Pump Room bar and restaurant. The best drinks, amazing food, exciting photographs and fun music on the weekends. This is set in the most fabulous location; historical neightborhood, close to walk the lakefront, well known hometown bars, excellent restaurants Chicago has to offer and most of all shopping. There was a nice street market going on over the summer-fall weekends, giving this area a real interesting flavor of Chicago. I can see it needs some updating but I was totally happy and content with my stay. I travel a great deal in my work and have seen all kinds of hotels. I will stay here again in the future. 
WOW!! Where do I start? Booked this hotel through Hotels.com for less than I paid for the Travellodge Downtown. Check in was a breeze, the entire staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was huge. The king bed was very comfortable. Our room also had 2 nightstands, 2 chairs with a small table, a desk, and walk-in closet. Even with all the furniture, the room was very spacious. The room did show some signs of wear, but I think this adds to the charm and the rich history of this hotel. The hotel is located in a neighborhood, so it felt like we were staying in a condo or a home rather than a hotel. There is very little noise, however, you are only about 2 blocks from Rush and Division streets, with all the nightlife, and the Red Line at Clark and Division is only 3 blocks away. We decided to walk to Michigan Ave and the next thing we knew, we were at the Hancock building. By staying here, you are away from the noise, but not away from the action. Had breakfast at the Pump Room, which is a story in itself. We had our photo taken in booth 1. Take some time and research who has sat in this booth. It is impressive. Some 1400 photos of celebrity guests adorn the walls of the Pump Room. Didn't have a chance to have dinner here, but I will return for dinner someday. Breakfast was not anything fancy, and a bit pricy, but the history and experience was worth it in my opinion. The waitstaff was friendly as was everyone who worked at this hotel was. I can't wait to return here! 
In a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood. A small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby, the Pump Room is a classic place to have a drink. We did not have dinner there so I can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood. It is a short walk to very good shopping and eating. 
We also just returned from a frigid weekend in Chicago. I booked the Ambassador East because of its great rate, $89.00 with my AAA card and we were delighted. Yes, the rooms show some signs of wear, but the warmth and charm far make up for it. This was such a pleasant change from the sleek, modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels. We became members of the I preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in. We had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom. We had wonderful food at the Pump Room which is classic. Our oatmeal there was so tastefully served, I'd love to have some right now! The location was great. Had it been normal winter weather, we could have easily walked to Michigan Avenue for shopping, but due to the minus 20 degree windchills, we opted for a cab which was less than a $5.00 fare. We also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all. We would definitely stay here again! 
I loved the Ambassador! What a great hotel. It's really beautiful, and the room was absolutely striking, very classic and elegant. Everything was done really well: the staff treated me like a regular. This is a top-notch hotel, the best place I've stayed in a long time. My only complaint is that I wish it was on the Mile, but that's it. 
My company booked our group for a Conference and Sales Meeting. The service was friendly, helpful and the property was beautiful. The hotel was clean and filled with history. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well. 
Just returned from 2 nights at the Ambassador and I have to say that I am very happy that I chose this hotel. It is true that this is an older hotel. But it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur. (think of the hotel from the Shining, minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins.) From the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids, I was made to feel like royalty. A special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions. Also the location of the hotel is great. Close to all the action, but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions. I also got a sweet $89 per night room by booking on travelzoo. That was just an added bonus however. Even if I paid $200 per night, my impression of the Ambassador would not change. Highly, highly recommended. 
Ambassador East is an awesome hotel!!! Understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel. My family stayed at the Ambassador for two nights in a suite. Very clean room with great space. The best part of the Ambassador is not the rooms though. The staff was extremely courteous, especially the concierge. If you stay here you have to go to the Pump Room. The restaurant is full of nostalgia, the staff is great, and the food is excellent. Great atmosphere and music. 
Upon check in - the lobby was BUSY! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show. The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling... that alone was such a great feeling. Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member, I was so pleased! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that. An added bonus was the location... I just think it is perfect for me. On top of that, I had a meeting down in the loop, but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby, asked if he could help me get to my meeting. I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting, "just a free service from the hotel" he stated as we drove... really!!!! so cool! I haven't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner, very professional service, and no attitude. I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit, thats all... the curtains need some help. 
Booked a room online and got a great rate under $200 which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in Chicago in this nice location, 3 blocks I think from the water. Even though our rate was so cheap, the service was wonderful, the front desk were polite& cheerful, the doormen and valet were great and helpful, and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on, free of charge! The fitness room was clean, large and provided fruit and clean towels, and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel. Location of hotel is safe, and such a beautiful area. Check the rates directly online of the hotel's website, as it was the least expensive. We will stay here again for sure. 
We stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation "girls weekend" (Grandma, mom and daughter). I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us. Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece. Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package, he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate. The American Girl package was perfect for us. My 8 year old daughter was thrilled. They give you a doll bed, a backpack and a travel kit to keep. They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll (you don't get to keep those). She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu. Our room, 1334, was large and clean. It had two double beds with nice linens, two chairs, a desk and a clean bathroom. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there. We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast. This hotel is north of Michigan Ave. But it is just a short, pleasant walk to the Mag. Mile. I would definately stay here again in Chicago. 
We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights on Hotwire over Labor Day weekend. We arrived at the Hard Rock at around 10:00 a.m., and they were able to give us our rooms early. Hooray! We were on the 5th floor (Beatles theme). The rooms were very comfortable. One of our rooms was on a corner, and had lots of windows. The other was was a bit larger with fewer windows. Not a great view from our side of the hotel, but we didn't pay for a room with a view. The beds and pillows were EXTREMELY comfortable, the bathroom was full of Aveda products, and there was a bathrobe in the closet. The tv/dvd/stereo combo was nice, but we weren't in the room a lot to use it. We were warned by the front desk not to even touch the snacks/drinks as they were weighted and we'd be charged. No problems there. We did not make use of the free fitness center, because the weather was perfect. My husband was able to go for a run through Grant Park along the waterfront instead. He said it was wonderful. We did use the free internet in our rooms. It was 'wired' internet, but my stepdad said that was better for him anyway. The room was a bit dim at night, but we were able to read just fine using the bedside lamps. There was virtually no hall / elevator noise. The location of the Hard Rock is ideal. It is easy to get breakfast at the Corner Bakery, just blocks to either Grant Park, The Art Institute, State Street Shopping, or Michigan Ave. To sum up, there was absolutely NOTHING to complain about. We would be glad to stay here again any time. 
Got a great deal through Hotwire for $70 a night but if I ever return to Chicago I would definitely stay again, even at full price. We really liked the rooms muted modern decor, we had John Lennon and Bono for company. Comfortable bed, mini coffe maker, plenty storage space and a lovely, clean bathroom stocked full of Aveda products (so I was sold straight away...it doesn't take much, I know!). If you're a product junkie, tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies :) We liked the location and had a great view down N Michigan Ave, found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed (reception, gift shop and bar). The bar area is very trendy, I liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause I normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking...the lack of memorabilia didn't bother me but I was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway. The only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh, and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a "friendly lady looking for business" when he was at the bar. I think it's a place you will either love or hate, if you like laid back, contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you! 
Just putting in a good word for the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. The reviews I read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect. The location was perfect. The hotel was beautiful. Our view was awesome. The room was large enough and very clean. The bed was very comfy. The staff were helpful - especially the concierge, Jared. I couldn't find anything negative to say. If you want to stay in downtown Chicago - you can't go wrong with this cool hotel. 
This is a stylish hotel located right on North Michigan Avenue, a five minute walk from the Orange "Loop" line that will get you to and from Midway Airport. Forget about taking a taxi: the train is a $2 ride and less than 40 minutes away. Our room (1802) was immaculate and spacious (350 sq ft, we were told). Decorated in grays and white, the room was comfortable and soothing, not jarring. On the other hand, we found the lighting to be very poor and had trouble reading, finding keys, etc. No kidding. The bathroom was also quite dark and it didnt have a heating lamp. On the positive side, however, there were Aveda products in the bathroom, the windows were huge, so during the day there was tons of natural light, and no issues with darkness. The king size bed was very firm, but had a plush pillow top which made it very comfortable and inviting. We had a largish TV with a DVD player. There is a safe and munchies. The gym is perfect, equipped with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and weights. It is open 24/7 and there is video surveillance for safety. There are towels, water, headphones, disposable ear pads, and complimentary green apples. Suggestion: if you are on a floor below the 22nd, take the elevator up to 22nd, then down to L2 to get to the gym. This way you dont have to traverse the lobby. The front desk staff is amiable, and very attentive. I read some other reviews about nasty personnel, but did not have that experience at all. I got a free newspaper with a smile, a free stamp when I needed it, change and all the coffee I could tolerate in the morning. The Hard Rock is located less than a 20 minute walk from the Water Tower, the Drury Theater, John Hancock, and magnificent mile. For those who like a thrifty breakfast, we recommend Gourmet Pantry at 155 N. Michigan Avenue [--]. This deli made a delicious egg on a toasted roll with butter on a Sunday morning, no less: $1.99. The hotel has a breakfast buffet for $15.00 per person, but we did not partake of it. We would stay at the Hard Rock again, and think it is great for people with "tweens." Not sure about the toddler set, though. 
The Hard Rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway. The rooms are quiet, the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size. We had fabulous service and got a great rate. Other than the fact that there were no bathrobes (it's listed as an amenity) and the Sony radio didn't work, it was perfect. Would definitely stay there again! 
We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night to do some intense, day-after-Thanksgiving shopping. It really is a great hotel. The rooms are really cool, and we were just in the basic one. The bed is extremely comfortable, with the softest sheets and great pillows. The technology in the room is great. They have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms. For a very modern room, it is still comfortable and homey. The location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go. The staff were very nice and helpful. The bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu. One of the best hotels I have stayed at in Chicago. Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend. 
so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the China Grill, upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi...we arrive at the 35th floor and my oh my!!! SURPRISE!!! ladies and gentlemen THIS is something to be admired...spacious and roomy, yet warm, cozy and inviting...great bed, comfortable furniture, great 42 inch plasmas, and the views are UNBELIEVABLE...my only complaint? a shower should have a door to keep the heat IN...other than that no complaints, room service was great, morning coffee was yummo...overall a fabulous experience!!! 
I stayed here August 20 through 23rd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. The price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on Michigan Avenue. The front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities. The John Entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch. Any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago really helped me accomplish just that! 
Stayed for 3 nights for our anniversary. The desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary, he gave us an upgrade...imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only 3 other rooms! Corner tower suite with a view of the river and Michigan ave. Beautiful! Cabs available right outside the lobby... Never paid more than $7 for a cab ride. If you go in Dec. you must go to the ChrisKindl Festival for strudel! 
The service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient. The room was more then I has expected. It was spacious and laid out very well. I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower. The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable. I believe it's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room. The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go. I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel. The service was very good and the staff very friendly. 
I was attending a conference at the Mariott. They were booked up and I shared a room at the Hard Rock for a week by default. What a lucky break. This is a beautiful hotel. I am not a fan of all that black/grey vibe and find it a little cheesy. What I loved was the way the Hard Rock left the beautiful old hotel features intact, and decorated around the basic stucture. My room was CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN. I want to comment on the staff. What an upbeat group of people. This included the doormen, the front desk, the consierge. They were wonderful! Every morning one of the bell men would find my TV morning news show for me in the bar, while I drank their courtesy coffee. They brought us a refrigerator, IPOD dock, and extra suitcase stand within minutes of check-in. I had a hard time contacting the airport transport. The consierge took care of it for me. While I was waiting for the 4:50 am airport shuttle, one of the bell men found me a cup of coffee in the back. I just couldn't get over how nice and friendly everyone was....great place to stay. I hope to go back with my husband. 
This is a great hotel, in a great location, in a great city !!! There's a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part. The rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker(s) in the bathroom ... I had the Beatles and although they're not my cup of tea, I was happy enough with George staring back @ me! The hotel itself is on the corner of Michigan Ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants ... try the "Cheesecake Factory" or have a meal / cocktail on the top floor of the "John Hancock Centre". A slighty longer walk (or a short cab ride) and you're at the "Navy Pier" - take a ride on the "Seadog" then enjoy all the fun of the fair ... or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music. This hotel (& city) is WELL worth checking out. 
Awesome hotel, our room overlooked Michigan Ave and we could see the river. Very stylish, trendy room and hotel. Lacked a bit in amenities (pool, etc) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel. Booked it thought Hotwire for $99 which was awesome value. 
The Hard Rock is glossy and sexy, but an absolutely fantastic hotel.... I was in town for business and stayed here because of it's location, but I absolutely understand why tourists would like it...right on the river, cool art deco building and Millenium Park is just down the street. Regardless- the room was clean, the staff was friendly, but NOT annoying and the bar was fun. I was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were GOOD! I'll definitely try it again! 
The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago has become my favorite hotel. I've stayed there at least 5 times now and have never had anything other than a wonderful experience. As you might have guessed - it has a super Rock & Roll theme, with some music paraphanelia in the lobby and on each floor's elevator lobby. The rooms all have large photo murals that are themed to different musicians. You can request being on the floor of your favorite band (like KISS, Aerosmith, etc...) The rooms are GREAT. Well appointed. SUPER Comfortable beds and luxurious sheets and wonderous pillows. The large TV has a cool sound system that ramps up the viewing experience. There's a spacious desk in each room with a mini bar. I've always had a room with big windows and a view down Michigan Ave (the hotel sits right on Michigan - a block from the canal). The bathrooms are furnished with absolutely great fixtures sporting a great design... some of the showers have windows in side of them (you can shower AND enjoy the view down Michigan!) or close the waterproof drapes. I've never had anything but a great experience with the staff here... front desk, doorman, etc are all great. There's a lobby bar that still feels intimate and has nice energy. Big screen TV to catch the latest scores, too. Of course, Rock & Roll music pumps thru the place. You can stay at a "plain" hotel anywhere... but this is a GREAT, WELL DESIGNED, FUN and MEMORABLE HOTEL that you'll want to return back to. If I had one concern - it would be the rather crazy charge for parking your car overnight. My daily car parking rate was close to $50 per night, which I'm sorry to say is about the going rate in the loop. Stay here. Be cool. 
A bunch of us got together and we had a great time in this hotel we asked for limes and they gave us like a punch bowl of them the rooms were so awesome you really have to see it to believe how extradionary this hotel is i love the decorations on every floor and being surrounded by such elegance. Will definitely stay here again 
We stayed at the Hard Rock on January 27th, 2009 for $125/night. It is located on Michigan Ave, just two blocks from the Mag Mile, two blocks from Millenium Park, and five blocks from the Chicago Art Institute. Our hotel room was very nice with views of Michigan Ave and a unusually comfy bed. The hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms. Parking was $45 for valet and $30 for self parking. The staff was very helpful with all of our request. 
The Hard Rock Hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into Chicago.. The location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as Lake Michigan, Millennium Park, and Art Museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from. My co-works LOVED the exterior of the building, views from the rooms, the art on the walls, and crisp, clean & hip feeling of the hotel, but not "too over the top" for "business". By far a better experience than your usual "chain" hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms. Here you feel special...for the same price. The lobby and bar have fun & cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on Michigan Ave (or catch a real rock star in the lobby!) 
Stayed here for 4 nights in Apri. From check in the stay was perfect all round, staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott. The location couldn't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything. Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day. Will definately recommend it to friends and family. 
my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york. The room was very spacious and clean, the bed was huge and extremely comfortable. I really liked the Aveda bathroom products, great smell. We had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot. Compliments to the chef. The concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to Navy pier, directions were given to us accompanied by a map. The weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show, this was spectacular. The whole of the last day of the show we spent at Navy pier and the Millenium park. Location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping. If we are ever in Chicago again we will definately stay here. 
Very quaint and romantic, yet masculine. I've noticed that at most Chicago hotel bars it's hard to get a drink much less a seat but I guess because it's a small hotel that was not a problem at the Talbott - plus people take their drinks out to the seating in the lobby because it's so inviting - cozy and comfortable - love that! Would love to stay again but I must say that I was surprised by all the comments on the comfortable beds - ours was too firm. Also note there is no gym on the premises - but walking and shopping is enough of a workout! 
My girlfriends and I stayed 4 nights at the Talbott returning home on Saturday 9/29. We all had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. The staff from top to bottom were excellent, accommodating. The room was roomy...with our only complaint being not being able to cool the room fast enough after a day on the town. The construction next door was obstructing the sidewalk, but being on a oneway street limited that difficulty. The doorman, Andrew was an excellent source at this hotel. He arranged all our transportation at night to restaurants. We enjoyed everything about the hotel and the city. The hotel was expensive but met expectations. 
My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott. The room was spacious, comfortable and well-appointed. The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby. Linens and towels first-class. Free Wi-Fi in the room. The location is terrific, just one block to Michigan Avenue. We will stay here on future visits. 
As we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said "We picked the right place." Having chosen the Talbott from other Trip Advisor reviews I found myself thinking in terms of a Trip Advisor review when we arrived. Nice entrance, friendly reception, I noticed everything and immediately knew the Talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains. The smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of Europe, simple, not overstated but elegant. The location is great, there was light snow but we walked to the Art Institute, Rush Street, the Theater District, and we're from California where anything below 50 degrees keeps us inside! All I can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort, class and somewhere unique, stay at the Talbott. Oh yeah, we were in a room that looked down at the construction, we were on the 15th floor and could not hear a sound, it was very quiet. 
I have just returned from a lovely shopping trip to Chicago. It is a very nice hotel, and I will love to stay there if I visit Chicago again! There is a lot of positive to say about the hotel; staff is excellent, never experienced such an excellent service -- that alone is worth coming back for. Was pleasantly surprised that the room rate was including breakfast. A few things that could make this hotel even better... A hand shower in the bathroom. The hairdryer to be placed in the bedroom, instead of the bathroom, when the bathroom is all damp after a shower I prefer leaving the bathroom to dry my hair. Free internet access in the lobby. I was surprised I had to pay 6 or 7 USD (for 15 minutes) to log-on and check-in with my airline (only with a few airlines you can check-in without paying?!?!?!?) 
We loved our stay at the Talbott. We were in Chicago to attend the theater show Dirty Dancing. We booked our room through Orbitz and received a nice discount. When we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy. We were upgraded to a King bed suite. The suite was well decorated and spacious. My wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom. We loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the Talbott on our next trip to Chicago. Highly recommended. 
My wife and I stayed two nights at the Talbott at the end of February. This little hotel was the perfect place for us. The lobby is very small but also cozy, and with both fireplaces going it was a welcoming atmosphere coming in from the cold. The staff was very friendly and efficient. The room was pretty spacious, and the king bed was extremely comfortable. We had a seventh floor room facing delaware st, so there was really no view. The bathroom was a good size, including two sinks and a spacious tub/shower. There was also free wireless internet...a big plus for us. Perhaps the best thing about the Talbott is the location. We were only a few steps from State, Rush, and North Michigan. Tons of shopping, bars, and good food are easily within walking distance. This makes the Talbott a great place for tourists who want to walk around and take everything in. We highly recommend the Talbott, and will gladly stay again on return trips. 
Location, location, location. What a great find! Excellent, well-run, small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it. Rooms are good-sized and clean; good bed and shower with tub. The air conditioner, as mentioned in other reviews, is noisy, but it's a minor complaint. The staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge. The on site restaurant is great. The red-line El is about 3-4 blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze. You are footsteps away from Rush Street and North Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan. I would not have a moment's hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future; in fact, I wouldn't book anywhere else. 
We stayed here because of all the great reviews, and it's all true. We were highly impressed with the high quality of everything, everyone, and the location. Walking distance to much of what Chicago has to offer. Gibson's steakhouse and the Hancock building to name a couple. This hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for Chicago. It should also have more than three stars. I mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard, and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those. Depending on the room you get, any price under $250 would be a good deal. Between 250 - 300 could still be worth it. 
I stayed at the Talbott twice in the last few weeks. I was very pleased with every facet of my stays. The staff, from doormen to front desk, to concierge, to housekeeping, were wonderful. The rooms were nicely sized and clean, and well stocked. I will return to the Talbott anytime! 
My husband and I stayed here for three nights while visiting Chicago as tourists. What a beautiful hotel! Our room was lovely, the staff was super helpful and the location was convenient. They don't have an in house gym, but each day you can get a day pass to a cushy gym down the street. The restaurant in the hotel has a very yummy breakfast. The concierge helped us to make dinner reservations at the last minute our first night there. We were able to walk down the Magnificent Mile from our hotel, as well as through the Gold Coast and Old Towne neighborhoods. There are tons of great restaurants in the area (including the famous Gibsons and the Signature Room in the Hancock tower) as well as lots of shopping. There is currently a lot of construction going on near the Talbott (they are building condos right behind it), but regardless we had a wonderful stay and would definitely stay there again when visiting Chicago. 
We booked at another hotel a block away and spent a unhappy night. We walked over to the Talbott and the courtiest staff showed us a room and we booked the rest of our stay. The room was very attractive and well furnished with double sinks in the bathroom. The tub is large and the shower a pleasure. The location was quiet as requested. The staff was always cheerful and very helpful. Tim and Stephanie provide excellent concierge services! The breakfast at the Basil Cafe is a great way to start the day. We travel a lot and appreciate the ambiance of a good hotel. I would highly recommend the Talbott for your stay. 
Stayed 5 nights at this great hotel. Updated rooms. Clean. Used Tim to book theater and dinning reservations. Provided excellent service. Close to subway, shopping and dinning. Excellent value. Free wireless internet and access to nearby health club very nice perks. Highly recommend it. Future concern is adjacent construction of condos. Not a problem while we were there but something to ask front desk about in the future. 
Stayed at the Talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay. Room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift, but everything else made up for that. Positives: Bed was very comfortable, great to have real shower, free internet, gym usage, staff (all friendly) and location. Negative: Lift noise, lifts slow and restaurant (there are so many great restaurants around - don't bother staying in) Would stay again! 
Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Talbott. This was our first visit there, and I can honestly say that I wouldn't stay at any other hotel in Chicago. From when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure, the staff was nothing less than amazing, always greeting with a smile and can I help you attitute. The room we had (1508) was very spacious and comfortable. The bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and I have ever slept in (including the Four Seasons). Had great breakfasts and drinks at Basil's. You would be missing a fantastic experience, if you didn't stay at the Talbott. 
I stayed at The Talbott for 3 nights on business and was very pleased. The staff was friendly as can be immediately confirming the lore of the midwest. I was upgraded to a suite which was bigger than my apartment and certainly more luxurious. The free wi-fi came in handy as I needed to work remotely while there. Everything from the comfort of the bed to the staff and location made this a great stay. Oh, and I got to workout at the huge Equinox right next door for free. 
We loved the Talbott. The location was fabulous...very close to the shopping. The hotel is smaller, but the rooms are very nice. They are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well. Also, the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I might also add that our room at queen beds. The staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you. The hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers, etc. It looks like a scene out of Europe. I would highly recommend the hotel. We were there with our daughters; ages 10 and 13. 
My husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel, cost about $30. Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction, but we were hardly in the room so it didn't bother us. We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper. The room was clean and spacious enough for us. The bed is very comfy. We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great. The location of this hotel is perfect. You are about 1&1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower. Can't beat that! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel! I brought our dog back a couple of toys! They are very nice as well. All in all, no complaints. The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting. The staff is always friendly and the location is superb. It's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine. We would definitely return. 
This is a great find for downtown Chicago. The price is right and the staff are excellent. As noted, there is construction going on around the hotel, but I didn't notice any issues that disturbed sleeping. I asked for a quiet room on an upper floor, and was gladly given one. The lobby is small, the atmosphere is that of a small boutique hotel. The concierge, Stephanie did a super job in finding us a restaurant and booking us reservations (along with a complimentary appetizer). We had a standard room, and it was spacious, tastefully decorated--everything we needed. The bathroom had a nice whirlpool tub for soaking--and the MP3 compatible radio was a nice perk. Just can't say enough about how nice the staff are--every single person you meet. Would definitely stay here again. 
Chicago is one of our favorite cities to visit. Some friends suggested trying The Talbott. I'm delighted we took them up. The Talbott is a great "small" hotel a block and a half off of Michigan Avenue near the Four Seasons, Drake and Westin. The concierge staff was most helpfull. Gene and Stephanie took great care of us. The rooms were spacious and very fresh. The elevators could be a bit slow at times. Aside from the construction next door, our stay was perfect. Bice now runs the hotel restaurant. We enjoyed having breakfast there. We will stay there again. 
