My boyfriend and I wanted to spend a four-day weekend in downtown Chicago and do all the touristy things; shop the Magnificient Mile, see Shedd aquarium, go to the museum of Science and Industry. Homewood Suites was conveniently located near all of these things. It was a luxurious treat of a weekend! We even swam in their rooftop indoor pool. It was also nice to have the amenities of a suite, so we could prepare our own meals some days. The staff was friendly and courteous (they even gave me an extra pillow on request!) and we would definitely stay there again.
Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown is a wonderful hotel. The hotel is very elegant, classy and only offers the best. The hotel offers complimentary breakfast, along with delicious meals and wines in the afternoons. The suites are very real designed and has a very upscale look. This wonderfully cozy yet graceful hotel leaves you with an experience of a lifeltime. I would recommend this awesome hotel to anyone that was looking for beautiful, yet comfortable hotel experience.
If you want the downtown experience of a lifetime, with historical living that will bring you back to Chicago in the early 1900's look no further, the dining experience is as comfortable as the stay, service is immaculate, and just as you think things couldn't get any better, you are only a walk away from one of the most exciting cities in America: Chicago with fine dining and a late night rendezvous as exciting as the nightlife, you are sure to have your excitement whims met, and walk away with the memory of a lifetime. Believe me I did. Valued Customer, Josh
This hotel gives you a lot for a reasonable price! It has a great downtown location and a lot of added bonuses. We loved the evening cocktail hour with free alcoholic beverages and appetizers. They also have complimentary breakfast and complimentary dinner. The fitness center was very clean, I didn't want to leave it! Our room was a spacious suite with a kitchen included! And I took advantage of the free grocery delivery. Beds are comfortable and the room looks like it was recently renovated. But the thing that really stood out was the teamwork of such a wonderful staff. We will be back to the Homewood Suites the next time we come to Chicago!
Very nice hotel, better than expected. The hot breakfast is great in the morning, but the Dinner at night goes above and beyond (even free wine!) The rooms are pretty good size, well furnished, and clean. I liked the view from my room. I used the fitness center and although did not have everything I would have liked, was adequate. I will say the pool is really nice and offers a pretty sweet view. The staff was friendly and helpful; being my first time in Chicago they were able to point me in the right direction and saved me some frustration. I would definitely recommend this hotel. 
From the moment I walked in I was impressed. The staff was very courteous and knowledgeable and the atmosphere was welcoming. The hotel was spacious and glamorous without looking overindulgent. My room was very nice and comfortable with a beautiful view and all everything I would need was in my kitchen. I found the pool and gym to be fantastic and I could truly relax during my stay. I will definitely book another stay at this hotel. 
To whom this may concern, my name is Jamie Brown, and i was a recent guest of yours between July 4th through July 10th, and your staff made my stay so comfortable i almost didnt want to leave. The Kitchen in the room and the complimentary grocery shopping service made me rethink leaving all together and when i didnt feel like cooking the complimentary welcome home dinner with a glass of wine, helped me clear my mind for all the paper work i had to look forward to. The free wireless internet access both in my room and sitting by the pool helped get all that done and helped me get my laps in as well. I really couldn't have asked for anything more! I felt like a queen and I never though I could feel that way just staying in a hotel. I thank you so very much for treating me so kindly and I will gladly be visiting you again very soon, only for more pleasure and way less business. Sincerely yours, Jamie Brown 
I would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are. For my wife and I, we enjoy the warmer colors. Cleanliness along with excellent staff, made me feel away from home yet relaxed. Being right Downtown was perfect for location. The suites are very quiet as well. I surprised my wife with the "Shopping Package". What a hit! Thanks Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown !!
My stay at the Hilton was like living in luxury for a few days. I never wanted to go back home much less leave the hotel. During my stay I could work out in their facility and swim at no added charge. In fact, they didn't charge for WIFI, morning breakfast or their grocery shopping service. The lobby always had complimentary coffee, tea, soda and meals! I felt like a queen. This hotel deserves highest marks for service. 
Upon entering Homewood Suites, I was greeted by incredibly friendly staff and my breath was taken by the beauty of the hotel. When I saw my room, I was immediately relieved because it provided all of the amenities needed for my week-long business stay (refrigerator, microwave, stove, dishwasher, flat panel TV). Best of all, the hotel has an on-site fitness center where I was able to work off all of the extra calories I consumed during the delicious complimentary breakfast. I couldn't resist their omelettes! The hotel is in the heart of Chicago and I must say, the city view from my room was priceless. Definitely recommended! 
I work for a software marketing firm, and that job requires me to travel at least 100 days per year. I spend a large amount of time in hotels. I normally don't write reviews for hotels, but the Homewood Suites by Hilton were above and beyond. Let's start where it matters: the rooms. They are top notch. There's nothing better than walking in to a clean, beautiful rooms after a long day of travel. The beds are among the best I've ever slept in in hotels. The rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home. The price: Low. I looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels, and everything else was at least 10% more expensive. But you don't get what you pay for here. You get much more than that! The location: Couldn't be better. You want to go to a world class restaurant? That's within walking distance. You want a great shopping experience? Again, walking distance. Anything else you want? Chances are, it's within walking distance. Overall, one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.
The Homewood Suites by Hilton, in downtown Chicago, has to be one of the most comfortable and affordable hotels in the windy city. After asking the doorman, I discovered all guest suites in the entire establishment feature a two room layout with a fully equipped kitchen. The full sized refrigerator caused me to do a double take, as did the stove and LCD televisions. This is definitely the place to have a home away from home while in Chicago. It's mind blowing that a hotel this extravagant can have rates as low as $40 a night, which is what I payed when I stayed there in September. The atmosphere was warm and cozy, and the staff were all very friendly and professional.
My stay at the Homewood Suites was absolutely one of my greatest stays away from home. The locations right in the heart of downtown Chicago. Within the River north shopping district.I love to shop so that was what i needed. Magnificent 2 room layouts with kitchen. The room was fully equipted with anything I needed,nice Flat screen along with a breakfast buffet and a fantastic complimentary dinner and wine. After dinner and wine I enjoyed the comfort of the heated indoor pool so relaxing. I would recommend these suites to everyone I know. 
First of all when you check in the check in process is smooth and takes no time at all, the front desk is very friendly and kind and make sure you know where your room is. Then on the way to your room they have spots with chairs and a table to have a seat and visit with other guest if you prefer to be out of you room. The room it's self is very spacious and clean. The pool area is very clean and neat and you always have a towel, they never seemed to run out. The service is beyond exceptional. I would recommend staying at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown to anyone.
Home away from home! The suites are amazing with great views of the city. The food is delious and served by an excellent staff. I loved the heated pool on the top floor, very relaxing after a long day of meetings. Great place to stay when your in Chicago!
Downtown Chicago has a multitude of available hotels. However once youve decided to step away from the ordinary a fantastic way to get away from it all is by booking a stay at the Homewood suites. The combination of luxury and affordability is evident as soon as youve entered the glamourous lobby. The Downtown Homewood suites is located near all the attractions which make Chicago the diverse and culturally rich town that is world known. The hotel offers a free fitness center, high speed wireless internet as well as a complimentary buffet breakfast. Being a member of the Hilton family ensures the utmost in quality and service which has been observed by millions of customers around the world. 
The Homewood Suites is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago! It is a great place to stay as a family. The last time my family and I visited Chicago, we stayed and picked the Shedd Aquarium package. What an amazing time! The Aquarium is great, and we saved a lot of money by buying this package. I also appreciated that fact that our room had a kitchen. With two really picky children, it was so nice to be able to cook, or at least to have the option. We also enjoyed the many neat facilities in the Homewood Suites Chicago Downtown. Nice pool, great workout room, breakfast buffet and the wine and beer dinner in the evening. I wouldn't stay anywhere else when I visit the Windy City!
I travel often and whenever I travel I prefer to stay at Hilton properties. I am always satisfied with my stay at Hilton. locations. However, I have never stayed at a Homewood Suites location. This property was awesome and it was great to have the same satisfication when I arrived. The lobby area was excellent and the greeting from the front desk staff was wonderful! My room was in great condition! Absolutely no complaints. I just figured that a property like this should be recognized. Great job staff!!!! I will definitely return in the future!
I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The separated living room and bedroom made it feel like I was renting a nice furnished apartment instead of a hotel room. The kitchen was a comfort since I could prepare a meal for myself if I wished, and the refrigerator and microwave was a must since I never finish my meals when I go out to eat. I felt more at ease here rather than the detatched feeling I have with most hotels. I would recommend staying at this hotel if you want to feel comfortable and welcome in a sophisticated atmosphere.
As a frequent traveler for both business and pleasure, clean and comfortable accommodations at a reasonable price are important to me. Homewood Suites Chicago provides all of that and more! The room was spacious and immaculately kept, with all the tools you could need to prepare a meal in the full-sized kitchen. After a busy work day, it was wonderful to be able to kick back in front of the huge flat-screen television to relax, with a spectacular backdrop of the city outside. I will definitely book a room next time in Chicago and I'll definitely continue to stay at Homewood Suites in other cities. 
My company was hosting a seminar at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, IL. Each participant of the seminar stayed in one of the luxurious rooms at the hotel. My room had an incredible view of downtown Chicago and the styles of the rooms were very modern. My husband was able to stay back in the room and enjoy the large flat screen television while I attended the seminar in one of the hotels meeting rooms. On Saturday night, my company held a ball in the Crystal Ballroom. The food was excellent, the hotel chefs were the best. The servers were polite and were right there to fill up our drinks or bring us more food at the dinner. Our overall stay at Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel will be forever in my memory. It was a fun filled weekend with great food, clean rooms, excellent maid service and all the hotel personnel were polite and willing to fulfill our every need and want! We will definitely be staying here again! 
It was my first time to visit Chicago and I would say, i'd definitely go back, not just because of the Air and Water Show that we really enjoyed, but most importantly, because of the hotel that we stayed in. The Millennium Knickerbocker is not just accommodating to their human guests, but with pets too. At first I was reluctant that they will give us accommodations because of my pet dog, but I was surprised it turned out the other way. I've experienced being denied reservations because of my dog and that's really frustrating, it's just nice that there still are other hotels that are pet friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends if they plan to visit Chicago. 
I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a fun weekend in Chicago. The standard room had a nice king size bed that was nice and comfortable. I love a hotel with all white sheets because then I know it's clean. I really liked the simple and modern decor, especially the huge upholstered headboard. Nice fixtures in the bathroom and granite counter. The bathroom was so much nicer than my own bathroom at home. The staff was friendly. Can't really judge the service because I didn't have any problems or complaints. So I didn't have a reason to interact with the staff much. Overall, it was a very nice hotel in a great location. Will definitely stay here again on my next visit.
This hotel was incredible! Haven't had a better stay in a hotel in my life. I will definitely come here again next time I am in Chicago! The rooms were so elegant, with their modern color schemes. The staff members were friendly and willing to lend a hand. The beds were surprisingly comfortable, with interesting covers. The TVs were HD, which was a step up from most hotels i have stayed at before. There was a cool martini bar that I spent an hour at one night, which was enjoyable, especially because of the live jazz band
I stayed here in the last weekend of September 2010 for the Bears vs Packers Monday Night game. My room rocked! I had a pretty big flat screen, and a super soft bed. The room was clean and stylish, and the staff was very courteous from check-in to check-out. My favorite part was the amazing bathroom - way better than mine at home. I definitely had a great escape that weekend and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to relax.
I just spent a week at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel and it was a very plesant stay. When I first walked into the room it was very clean. The bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant. Room service was very good. The view was amazing and I would recomend staying there.
I wouldn't know how to begin to write something negative about the Millenium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago. Everything about this hotel is fantastic from the outside of the building to the hotel lobby all the way to the rooms. With very clean and plush rooms, this is the place to stay! When you are not at the hotel eating at the elegant dining area or having a great breakfast first thing in the morning, there is plenty to do around the town. Take a shopping spree down Michigan Ave or head to one of the museums or the pier to look around. Whatever you decide to do, you can't go wrong. This place is wonderful!
I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a total of three days, and through out my stay I had a wonderful time. The room was impeccably clean, as well as the pillows and sheets. The beds were large and extremely comfortable. The staff though, in my honest opinion, is what made my stay so pleasant. From the people at the check in, to the waiters at the restaurant, I got the best customer service. The hotel was also conveniently located. It was within walking distance to the shopping center. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying at around the area in Chicago. 
This hotel was worth every cent. You have not experienced Chicago luxury until you have stayed here. In town for a conference, my colleagues and I never had to leave our hotel for much of anything. Fine dining, entertainment, you name it: Knickerbocker's got it! I will definitely return as my wife and I frequent Chicago to visit family.
First let me say wonderful!! My wife and i were refered this Hotel by a friend. After traveling to Chicago many time we have had many experiences good and bad with different hotels. We were amazed with the Knickerbocker, we felt like royalty from our first step on the property. Everyone was willing to make our stay rememberable. This Hotel made a routine trip to Chicago a dream Vacation. I can not wait to return...
The Knickerbocker hotel was one of my favorite hotels to visit. My wife and I utilized the park & play package, which gave us an amazing room, complimentary valet service, and a great kit to plan our weekend around. It was well worth the price and we both wish to go back again. The rooms were top notch and the hotel's staff was excellent. One of the employees, Craig, helped us find our way around the city and this shows the Knickerbocker really cares about its guests. We loved our visit and are sure you will too. A+
We stayed at the beautiful Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel located in scenic downtown Chicago. It was close to shopping, local attractions like the Shedd Aquarium and even the Navy Pier. The hotels featured luxurious amenities like a ball room and in room massages, which I took advantage of as any woman (or man) should! A continental breakfast is available for a nominal fee, unless purchased with a package deal, in their own upscale restaurant, Nix! We would definitely book a suite there again and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family!
I accompanied my husband on a business trip to Chicago back in September and we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel. The place was absolutely oozing with old-fashioned charm! Also, there were plenty of shopping opportunities within walking distance, so I shopped while my husband worked. It just doesn't get any better than that! I loved the service we received and the ambiance of that grand old hotel, and I'd definitely stay there again!
When you enter the lobby at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel you immediately see that this is a special place where you are going to be pampered. The staff are very friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy to assist you in any way they can. The check in process is smooth and friendly as I expected. When you enter your room the decor catches your eye. Luxurious yet not stuffy is how I describe it. The restroom tub is large and made of marble. The whole room is tasteful and made to make you feel special yet at home. I highly recommend The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel to anybody looking to escape for a while.
This hotel is the best hotel ever in my opinion, and I really enjoy everything thing about it and I also have many different reasons why I like this hotel. From the entrance to every details on the inside all the way up to the rooms, everything seems to pocess some kind of style to it and not forgetting such a modern feel it has. I completely am astonished by this building and if I had to pick one to compare with this one I really would go for this one. It's like a person would have to see it to believe. It has a lot of modern designs. Thank you and this is my review and it's real. 
I enjoyed a pleasant 2 night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago, Il. The hotel was beautiful, inside and out. I felt as if I was a celebrity staying there. The staff was especially kind and very professional. My husband and I have never felt more comfortable. I was very pleased that they had transportation for us, since we flew in to Chicago for our anniversary. The Shedd Aquarium package was an excellent bonus. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone that's going to be visiting Chicago!
My family really enjoyed this hotel the weekend we were in Chicago. Check in was quick and easy the staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable and we had a great view of Chicago. Next time we come to Chicago we will definitely stay here again.
The entrance and room was spacious and modern, yet elegant. It was very easy to get around to many places because it is in the middle of all the action of Chicago. The drinks were very exotic and tickled the taste buds. Indeed, it is one of the best vacation or weekend getaway spots. 
I stayed at the millennium Knickerbocker for 3 nights while on a business trip, as it was conveniently located a few blocks away from the office I was visiting, and just about everything else for that matter. The lobby was absolutely beautiful, and the staff was beyond courteous and extremely helpful. The rooms were elegant and spacious, and I instantly felt right at home. The large flat screen TV as a nice touch and TV options were many. I headed downstairs to the bar for a drink, and was amazed at how well kept it was, as well as how nice everybody was. As this was my first time I asked the bartender about the area around and he gave me great advice about some places to check out. All in all this was a great experience, and next time I'm in the area, I will definitely be staying here. I'd recommend the Millennium Knickerbocker to anyone traveling to Chicago.
We stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker last week and it was really wonderful. First off, the staff is excellent. All of our needs were addressed quickly and with a smile. The hotel really was the perfect launching pad for us to take in everything that Chicago has to offer. All of the shopping of Michigan Avenue was just steps from our room. We decided to go for the Shedd Aquarium package. We started the day with a really wonderful breakfast at the hotel and then thoroughly enjoyed our "all access pass" to the aquarium (very cool!). After our long days of sightseeing (and a quick stop at the wonderful martini bar), it was so nice to come back to the room which was elegant, but a very comfortable sanctuary from the busy city. To top it all off, they have the most incredible shower that I've ever used (and, even better, it's all "green"). What more can I say? The Millennium Knickerbocker was a huge part of what made our vacation so wonderful and memorable. I highly recommend it!
My family and I stayed here while we were visiting Chicago. This was a perfect location to many of the things we wanted to do and was easy to get around. It was in a safe neighborhood and was great accomodations. The staff was friendly and went the "extra mile" to make sure we had everything we needed. The beds were comfortable. We would definitely stay here again. 
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was an awesome place to stay. Nothing bad about it. It was a great value. The beds were comfortable, the rooms were nice and open, and the pool was great. Food was GREAT! My family and I loved staying here! Would recommend to everyone I know.
If there is ever a Hotel you should stay at it is the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers. This is the most beautiful Hotel I have ever seen. This Hotel has more than you will ever need or want. You can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste. There is a in room refreshment center,high speed Internet, 32 inch television ,coffer maker with great coffee from Starbucks. You could get a suite or the Presidential suite with more room than you will ever need. The room is over 2000 square feet.It over looks the Chicago River. There is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool.The sauna was just wonderful. If you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the Navy pier,or Art Institute. When you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate. Have a few drinks at the great bar, then create your own burger at the Chicago Burger Company. The staff was very friendly and super helpful. The Hotel was the cleanest I have ever seen. I will come again and again. A big thumbs up to this great Hotel. 
What a gorgeous hotel! From the moment we stepped inside the warm colors of the lobby made us feel welcome at the Sheraton and in Chicago. The heavenly beds made the view from our room that much better, and to top it off with great restaurants, you couldn't ask a hotel for more! Starbucks coffee in the rooms were just an extra touch that guarantees we'll be back every time we visit Chicago. 
When my sister got married last summer, our stay at the Sheraton Hotel was delightful! Billy and the kids and I were exhausted after the long flight from San Francisco, so it's a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax! The kids ADORED the indoor pool, Billy couldn't stop talking about the beautiful jogging path, and I even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day. The reception dinner at Shula's Steakhouse was fun and delicious. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in Chicago for an extended visit!
My Stay at Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was wonderful, i stayed in the traditional guest room and i slept good, i was able to get to my meeting well rested, thank you Sheraton! -Bobby
Thanks Sheraton Towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently. I did not know that the skyline of Chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable. I'll be back soon and look forward to a seeing Chicago again.
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is my favorite place to stay in Chicago! I travel to Chicago very often to visit my son, who is training for the U.S. Navy. They make every stay feel like a luxorius vacation. The indoor pool and sauna are amazing, and I never have to miss a workout because the gym is fully equipped. If you dine at the LB Bistro, you must try the Eggs Benedict :) The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable for a hotel of this stature.
I walked into this beautiful hotel and knew that I would have a wonderful stay in Chicago. After walking around the city all day, I was always excited to relax in this cleanly and superbly comforting place. The service was friendly and I especially liked the location. What a Treat!
This is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. We had an amazing view of the city, especially at night. Our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds. There was a desk and chair, large bathroom, comfortable chair and reading lamp. There was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker, that included Starbucks coffee. We would definitely come back again! 
We were hungry and tired when we checked into the Chicago Sheraton. The nice clerk at the front desk got us checked in efficiently and with a warm smile. He made us dinner reservations at Shula's (giving us time to shower and change) and arranged for a bellhop to take our bags up to the room for us - what service!! We enjoyed our steaks and the bottle of wine that was recommended by the waiter at Shula's - truly a lovely meal. When we returned to our room we were delighted to find that the towels had been replenished and the bed turned down! We enjoyed the view from our room before turning in and having a very restful night's sleep in an incredibly comfortable bed. KUDOS to the Chicago Sheraton for getting everything just right! 
 My wife and I's stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers proved to be the perfect complement to our time spent visiting and exploring the Windy City. Upon our arrival, we were immediately welcomed by the beautiful design of the first-floor lobby and the friendly demeanor of the desk and bell service staff. In seemingly no time at all we were in our clean and well-furnished room with a beautiful and peaceful view of Lake Michigan. In terms of accommodations, I have never personally stayed at a hotel that I could complement more. On our very first night, my wife took advantage of a message therapy session while I swam a few laps in the heated indoor swimming pool. We followed our time apart with a very relaxing time at the Chi bar, which had a very enlivening and laid-back atmosphere. Retiring to our rooms, I couldn't help but remark to my wife about the quality of our room and the bed in particular. I had a very comfortable night's sleep and woke up just on time thanks to a spot-on wake up call from the desk staff. After a quick bite to eat the LB Bistro, we headed out to sight-see. Overall, I can't recommend the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers enough. As far as this customer is concerned, it is the only place to stay if you are in the Chicago area and are looking for accommodations with the best customer service, atmosphere, and amenities. I couldn't recommend it more. 
 I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers a couple nights ago. The service was excellent!! As soon as i stepped through the door they grabbed my bags, and were helping me choose the best hotel room for me! I loved there service and the room was gorgeous! I highly recommend it for anyone, and there prices aren't as bad as others. I loved the experience and I'm sure next time I'm in the area I'll visit again!
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel for two nights and I must say the service they rendered was quite impressive. They had very attentive and friendly staff members. The room that I stayed in was spacious for me and my husband. Their hotel restaurant served the most delicious steaks I have tasted, I ordered a classic fillet mignon and it was cooked to perfection. I would definitely stay at this hotel again if ever I come back to Chicago and would absolutely highly recommend this to my friends and family.
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was everything you could ask for in a hotel. It was meticulously clean, very orderly, but still perfectly warm and comforting. The rooms are very big and spacious, and the beds are so soft, it's like heaven! I didn't test out the room service, but I'm sure it would be just like everything else... perfect!The hotel staff are just so nice. There was a spectacular view from my room, and looking out over the city at night is so magical. There are resturants that are easy to access from the hotel, and I especially recommend Shula's Steak House. Overall, I had a fantastic stay at The Sheraton Hotel, and I would definitely stay there again!
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is a magnificent grand hotel. The size of the rooms, and the views of the city are phenomenal. At night the city lights up, and the sight is majestic. The hotel itself, and the employee's are wonderful, and well worth the pay to stay in such a place. This Hotel has so much to offer, great dining,a fantastic gym set up for those of us, who really like to stay fit no matter what we are doing.My wife and I have just left recently, and we are already planning to stay there on our next trip out. Big thumbs up to Those who run that place, and helped us enjoy our stay.
My husband and I loved this hotel. The staff were friendly, the food on the room service menu was a reasonable price, and we got an extra (free) coffeepot in our room immediately when we asked for it. Highly recommended!
I was completely unfamiliar with Chicago but needed a place to stay while my husband worked there for a few days and we picked the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based solely on their internet site. Wow did I get lucky! This is a beautiful hotel with all of amenities I could have hoped for, terrific food, and within walking distance of several interesting places, including the Art Institute of Chicago. Ashley, at the concierge desk, was particularly helpful at guiding a Chicago newbie to the best places to eat ands to see. I will heartily recommend the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers.
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for three days while I was in Chicago on business. This was quite possibly the best hotel experience that I have ever had, which says a lot considering the fact that I stay in hotels quite frequently. The staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating. They made sure that I had absolutely everything that I could want or need. Their friendliness came across in a very genuine manner, not fake or forced like some employees can be. The room itself was to die for. The bedding was so soft and the room was extremely clean and well kept. I cannot speak highly enough about the quality of the mattress and bedding! Because of the mattress and bedding, I got the best three nights of sleep I've ever had. The views of downtown Chicago were absolutely amazing from my room. The way the city lights sparkled stole my heart and almost made me want to move to Chicago. The food was amazing also. I made it a point to eat at all three of the hotel's restaurants and visit the bar while I was there. My favorite restaurant of the three was Shula's Steak House. The Chi Bar, the hotel's bar, was amazingly designed and the drinks were great. All in all, i would rate my experience a 5 out of 5. There is nowhere else in downtown Chicago that compares to the Sheraton.
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers on a recent trip to Chicago, and had a great stay. The rooms were beautiful, the beds comfortable, and the views of the city were fantastic. My room overlooked the river and the city. I felt like I was on a luxury vacation. The hotel has a few different restaurants. I ate at the Chicago Burger Company, which was delicious. The burgers were juicy, and the prices were great. The indoor pool was a great way for me to relax and entertain the kids in between sightseeing activities. Overall, I had a wonderful stay. 
I absolutely loved staying at the Swissotel Chicago. The entire hotel has such an elegant and luxurious feel to it. The room was absolutely stunning! First of all, it was so spotless and clean. The design of it was beautiful! There was gorgeous artwork on the walls even. The design was very modern and above average for hotel decor. There was a separate bath and separate shower which I loved! There was a huge LCD flat screen TV and high speed wireless Internet available. There was even an iPod docking station which was great for listening to music and so convenient since I brought my iPod with me! The view from the window of Chicago was beautiful too. The service was very quick and everyone was very friendly. I didn't have any problems at all but if I did I'm sure the customer service at the hotel would have had it fixed very quick I could tell their top priority was the guests happiness and satisfaction! There were even two restaurants in the hotel and a lounge! I can't wait to go back to this hotel. It felt like I was on a luxurious vacation! 
The Swissotel Chicago was by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at in Chicago. It was clean, modern, and the staff were very friendly, even to our large family with cranky kids at a very late hour. The room was fantastic and you can not beat it for the price. Not only was the room fantastic, but so was the view. Our room looked out over the skyline and it was breathtaking, especially at night. The best part of the hotel was its location. It was located within walking distance to so many fun attractions, including Navy Pier and the Sears Tower. Our stay was wonderful, and we can't wait to go back again. 
A perfect place for couples to get away too. The location couldn't be better,just three blocks from Navy Pier and Magnificent Mile. It's really romantic, the service was awesome. Very clean and quiet. It has big rooms with comfortable atmosphere, huge bathroom.Over all, i had the a great experience there, would definitely stay there again!
Stays here while on a business trip in Chicago. First off the staff were very friendly and helpful. They were knowledgeable about the things in the area when I needed to find something. I had a king bed room - it was very clean and cozy and the view was great. This is definitely a hotel I will stay at again if my work takes me back to Chicago.
Everything you would would expect from a top-notch hotel and exceeded by the service. The trendy decor and easy to access dining gave us a 'second-wind' pick up after a day of sight-seeing. This hotel is definitely the place that I want to come back to. By the time we left after 4 days and 3 nights, my wife and I wished we had more time to enjoy the restaurant a few more times and the delightful Swiss flare. One of the things we enjoyed the most was seeing the water from our window. The feeling of being pampered can only come from the very gracious hotel staff and this hotel is number 1 in my mind. 
Staying at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago is not so much the typical stay so much as it is an experience. Not only is the hotel located in a great area to get to all local attractions, but while you are at the hotel you will have many amazing accommodations at your disposal. There are two gourmet on site restaurants and a lounge to relax and get great food. The rooms are over sized and the beds are among the most comfortable you will ever find. Finally, the service is award winning so anything that you do not already have at the Swissotel will be at your fingertips with their assistance. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for more than the typical hotel.
My family and I recently attended a wedding in Chicago and stayed at the Swissotel. It was much nicer than we expected. We are used to staying at mid-class hotels and this, by far, was one of the nicest places we've stayed. The beds were so comfortable and the crib the provided for my infant son was great quality - I was concerned that we would get a rickety 1970s crib! The bed sheets were so soft that I wanted to take them home! We will definitely go back to this hotel the next time we are in Chicago.
I must say, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. My wife and I were blown away by the penthouse fitness center and pool all the way up on the 42nd floor. Very well designed rooms with great linens and pillows. The bathrooms were a nice change of pace from the boring hotel bathrooms we usually see. Overall an excellent experience here, great views and close to everything you could want to do in Chicago.
This hotel was wonderful. My room was clean and the staff was courteous. The food provided by the restaurant was exceptional. This was on of the best hotel stays, ive experienced. I highly suggest this hotel to others. 
 We enjoyed our stay at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago. It was elegant, classy, and the service was impeccable. It was very family friendly for us, with the spacious rooms, the kid's room, and the no smoking policy. We were just a short walk away from shopping and entertainment and the whole family enjoyed the virtual city tour that helped us decide what we wanted to see. The food was delicious and we didn't have to go outside the hotel to find good food. When visiting Chicago again, we will come back. It was a luxurious experience at a reasonable price. Linda Davies 
This hotel is one superior hotel. The prices are reasonable and the benefits are just fantastic. My husband and I got a package that lets us get a hotel with a view and the view was amazing. Waking up to seeing Lake Michigan was a site not to miss. The rooms were always cleaned when we got back from our shopping at Bloomingdales or in other places in Chicago, and the customer service was top notch and very friendly.
If you are ever going to visit Chicago and need a place to stay I recommend this hotel. This hotel made my stay in Chicago one that I will always remember. The rooms were very big and luxurious, everybody was friendly and showed a fabulous display of customer service. The room service always got there when they said it would and it was nice because it was 24 hours so I could get anything whenever I wanted. The price of this hotel for my stay was unbeatable especially because I got great service and I saved a lot compared to the rates of other hotels in the area and their two restaurants were exquisite. If you are ever going to be in the Chicago area and need a hotel to stay in I recommend this hotel!
I stayed at this hotel for a weekend and I thought it was really nice. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very clean. The room also had a beautiful view. It had everything you could possibly need. I almost didn't want to leave the room. It was definitly worth the price. I would go back. The clientel was also very helpful. 
My husband and I had a wonderful time at Swissotel Chicago, when my husband went for a trade fair. We got a classic double room for two nights and it was definitely worth the money. Clean and comfortable, chic and new fixtures. The view of the pier was magnificent. Staff were most helpful and prompt when we requested extra towels and pillow. It's right next to riverside restaurants and river is very pretty.
The Swissotel Chicago is a delight to visit. Located in downtown Chicago this hotel has nine different styles of room accommodations to serve everyones taste. They have children friendly rooms as well as the exquisite presidential suite. Rooms have exceptional views of downtown Chicago. This hotel also has a penthouse fitness center and pool for entertainment. Other places to stop by to eat is the Palms, Geneva and the Lobby Lounge.
Beautiful views and awesome service! My husband and I stayed at the Swissotel in Chicago while meeting up with some old friends from college. We have been to Chicago a few times but never stayed at this hotel before. First off the architecture and feel of the hotel is just amazing. So beautiful! The views from our corner suite was breathtaking and the accomodations were flawless. The fact that we could have an apartment like setting rather than a cold hotel room made all the difference. From the big tub in the bath to the entertainment system and work area, everything is in place to make your stay like being at home but with an awesome view of the Chicago Skyline. We took advantage of the Executive Club for desserts and breakfast and had dinner one night at the Palm restaurant. Delicious food! We will definitely stay at the Swissotel the next time we visit Chicago.
Elegant and modernized hotel with great staff. Location is wonderful. The health club located in the hotel had everything needed to get my complete workout. I will be staying there again due to the wonderful experience and decent prices.
When I was asked to stay at the Swissotel in Chicago, I immediately went to their website to check them out. What I found there was decent, nothing really stood out. It wasn't until I actually went there that my eyes were opened. The amazing customer service I received there was exceptional. Every whim and detail I asked for they helped me perfectly. The room was neatly fixed when I arrived and was cleaned every day. When I asked about more towels, the maids were happy to help me out. If I were ever to be in that area again, I know exactly where I'm staying, the Swissotel.
This is the hotel for the discriminating business traveler. It offers spacious rooms that are elegant and refined. With a cozy area complete with chairs and fireplace, they are the perfect place to entertain clients or discuss strategy for a business meeting with a colleague. The restaurant offers just the location to impress a perspective client. And all of this elegance and refinement in the heart of downtown Chicago
I stayed at Swissotel Chicago when I was on business and it was very nice. The staff was very helpful and room was very clean. I would stay again in a heart beat!
