I just left the Conrad Chicago and have nothing but good things to say. We used Hilton points to stay there but paid $35/night to upgrade to a junior suite. We were in room 1519. I would reccomend people ask for an odd numbered room so that they will have a view looking north on Michigan Ave. Our room was very modern with 2 large HD/flat panel tv and Bose 3 speaker sound system. 4 big windows that actually open. The bed lineds were very nice, the towels were OK. The room was clean and the bath room had a seperate shower and tub. Marble everywhere. Robes, slippers, etc. The work out room was good with different machines and some free weights. There are clean towels in the workout room too. We never ate in the hotel so I can't comment on the food or the prices. There is a Starbucks across the street (Michigan) and an Espresso bar attached to the Nordstrom that is on the ground floor of the hotel. It was very nice to have the little mall right under the hotel. The location of the hotel could not be better. We were walking distance to everything. Every kind of shopping or dinning experience you could possibly want was within 2 miles. Over all the hotel had a boutique feel to it even though it is part of the hilton chain. 
My wife and I came to spend the weekend in downtown Chicago for shopping and we found this Conrad hotel well located close to everything downtown and of a size that doesn't make you feel lost in the Convention world. We have had this feeling when staying at larger hotels in the past. Our Suite has view on Michigan avenue with a bit of the Lake at the end. Staff was very professional, pleasant and friendly making us feel very comfortable. Internet is free n the rooms and I am making my review from there. 
We have just returned from 4 nights at the Conrad Chicago, everthing about the hotel was excellent. Wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class. Great view from our room. The hotels location is great, right in the centre of the magnificent mile. A wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the Conrad. 
We spent a week in this hotel and were very pleased with the experience. As described in previous reviews. the room was very comfortable with the huge televison and bathroom being particularly outstanding. Service was excellent overall (I especially liked the bottle of water at my bedside with the turn down service). The door and bellmen/women were particularly pleasant and helpful and the concierge was friendly and knowledgeable. We had completely satisfactory (though overpriced) drinks in the bar but didn't eat at the restaurant. The health club was fine and the equipment was well maintained. While there were only three treadmills and two elipitical steppers, I never had to wait for a machine although it might be a different story in the dead of a Chicago winter! One minor quibble--I like to have coffee first thing in the morning and there was no in-room coffee maker. The restaurant offered free coffee "to-go" but only before eight AM. This is a very, very comfortable, attractive hotel in a wonderful location. Chicago is an expensive city but we felt that we got a reasonable value for our money. 
Arrived on 06/04/05, greeted by friendly doorman, and zipped up to the 5th Floor Lobby. Very open lobby area with friendly reception staff. Room was on the 12th Floor and very nice. Everything was in order and very clean! The king size bed was nice and each night I had a restful sleep. Bathroom was large with separate glass shower stall. The room was furnished with everything I needed including internet hook-up access. Also, you can walk thru on the 5th Fl to the Westfield North Bridge Shopping Mall, where you will enjoy Nordstrom and other stores. Of course, you're steps from Michigan Ave. too. The central location of the hotel was great, as I could walk to most places. The CTA Subway stop (Grand Ave. on Red Line) was an easy 2 block walk. I will stay here again on my next trip to Chicago! 
My husband and I decided to take a trip to Chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the Conrad, not really knowing it's location. We were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on Michigan Ave. (It's connect to Nordstroms right in the heart of downtown. ) Great for shopping. The hotel itself was fabulous. The staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants. I recommend going to Joe's that's right across the street from the hotel. Everyone was raving about it . . .but we couldn't get a reservation. The room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. It had a very warm and inviting atmosphere. My husband loved the workout room. I highly recommend the Conrad!! 
Ok, so first trip to chicago and I was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location, finally I decided on the CONRAD and wath a good experience i had, I booked a king deluxe room on the 6th floor, view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had, room is nice, bath was all appliances and good size, good plasma tv, free internet, we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food! so overall and for the price aroufn 220 It was a great surprise, the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel 
We stayed at the Conrad for 2 nights for a friends reunion. The room was clean and new feeling, nice city view, free bottled water in room upon arrival. Check in was a breeze, and our room was ready even though we were several hours early. All staff was friendly and helpful, excellent breakfast. 
We stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday. Triple AAA rate of 173 was a steal. 7th floor room complete with 44in plasma TV bose stereo, voss and evian water, and gorgeous bathroom(no tub but was fine for us) Concierge was very helpful. You cannot beat this location... Only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow(2hours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning) even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant. Food was very good so it was worth the wait. I would return in a heartbeat. A gem in chicago... 
We stayed at the Conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer! We were on the newly renovated 9th floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean! There was a flat screen, bose sound system and even an Ihome for our Ipod. Wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down. Everyone was very helpful and so friendly. We can't wait to go back again! 
We usually stay at the Sofitel but thought we would try the Conrad for a change. I don't think I would rate this hotel over the Sofitel but it was still 1st class. But I do think the service was better at the Conrad. We arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left. Normally service goes down hill then but our waiter Eric was the best. Even when I kept ordering my after dinner ports. The meal may not have been The Chop House but it was still very good. The bar was ok, no Crown Reserve. They did have the Cask 16 at $24 a drink, ouch. The room service was very quick. Our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits. The only fault we could find was the temperature on the 14th floor. It was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off. Which wasn't so bad since my wife smokes. The temp on the 5th where the lobby, bar, and restaurant was fine. We enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in Sept. One last thing, if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast. Go to the West Egg, only a few blocks away. 
My husband and I stayed here for New Years eve weekend. This is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. Hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming. The rooms had the best electronics I've ever seen. Loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall. The hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by, so we avoided it too. Ate at Joe's across the street - excellent seafood. And you can shop til you drop without going outside! Nordstroms and four story mall is attached. Lots of good "food on the run" places in there. Loved Chicago - loved the Conrad. I will go back! 
My boyfriend and I decided to stay at the Conrad Chicago for our anniversary. The second we walked in, we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room. White luxurous bedding on the King bed, plasma t.v./ subroofer/ surround sound speakers (my boyfriend was more impressed than me, as I reminded him that we didn't come to Chicago for the hotel room) very large bathroom w/ tub and separate stand-in shower, granite countertops, his/ her robes and slippers. The view wasn't great, but we were on the 6th floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us. Not a large room by any means, but again . . . we didn't go to the city for the hotel room. It was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room. We got a great rate on it ($140 at hotels.com) but I think the going rate is usually closer to mid $200's. I've stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one. We will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city. 
This was a weekend trip for my friends and I. We booked a couple of rooms and asked in advanced for the reservations to be connected in some way. Our rooms were right next to one another as requested. As it was almost everyone's first time to Chicago, we had to do a bit of cold-searching for a hotel. And, our choice was next to perfect. I had an amazing time during my first visit to Chicago and it was largely due to this hotel. The customer service was AMAZING. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. One of our rooms ordered late night room service and raved about how they felt they had ordered a 5 star lunch because it was as fresh as having ordered food at 2 pm, and delicious. My friend suggested they had a full-staff at 3 am because the food came up quickly too. In another of our rooms, housekeeping had accidentally discarded a CD when replacing the CD player with an iPod dock. The concierge had the exact CD purchased and ready at check-out from the neighboring record store. Our rate included complimentary breakfast which was fantastic! Everything was freshly made in their kitchen too. An added bonus was that the hotel is attached to a mall. Therefore, you don't need to leave the building to get a pair of shoes, a coffee, or a some other type of trinket. I was beyond pleased with this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation. 
The Conrad Hotel is a beautiful hotel. Our room was perfect and beautiful in every way. I was very impressed (and I am hard to please and have high standards). It was so clean, aesthetically pleasing, up to date, just gorgeous! I would definitely stay there again. I loved it. The location is superb too, attached to Nordstrom and Northbridge mall. Can't wait to go back! 
I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping. We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It lived up to all expectations. Great big room, with two king size beds. Very comfortable. Breakfast was great, loads of choice and plenty on the plate. Great location, connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed. All and all, a great hotel and we would go back in the morning. Chicago is a great city with very friendly people. 
My wife and I stayed here in the middle of February 2005. We took the (EL) subway to the hotel from O'Hare. It was very convenient. The lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable. I've stayed in many a hotel room, this bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The hotel is located in a great area and close to everything. Walking distance to almost all the interesting sites Chicago has. Would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city. 
We stayed in the Conrad for 4 nights just before Thanksgiving. We had a corner room overlooking N Michigan Av and the Tribune Building. To say this is a 5 star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful. The staff were unbelievably helpful. The standard of the room was superb - HD plasma screens, luxury bedlinens, iPod radio, huge bathroom. Location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole Light Festival parade from the window. Breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service. Would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - 5 out of 5. 
This is my second time here in two months; both stays were great. The rooms are very nice and very clean. The staff is terrific and always attentive. My only concern would be there never seems to be anyone at the concierge desk. 
This is a superb hotel. The rooms are huge, including a luxurious bathroom. It is clean and service is first rate. Breakfast was excellent (and complimentary for Hilton Honors members). Hotel is in a good location, and is connected to a mall, which I imagine would be a great asset in the Chicago winter. Next time I go to Chicago, I will stay here for sure. 
We got a great deal on this hotel, just $91 found through travelzoo. We only stayed one night, but were very impressed. The sevice was fantastic from the moment we stepped up to the property. The hotel smelled wonderful and was immaculate. Our room, while not enormous was perfect. We had a great view of the city and lake. The bed was extremely comfortable. We never heard any noise outside of our room. The bathroom was nice sized considering we must have had one of the smaller rooms in the hotel, two could get ready very comfortably. Location was perfect, just off Michigan Ave and steps away from Millenium Park. We would definetly stay here again, especially if we could get this great deal! 
Great location and quality place to stay. Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great. Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars. Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality. The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room (compliments of the hotel) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay. 
The reviews we read were a bit mixed, but I thought it was excellent. I've stayed in The Splendido, Villa D'Este and others and it doesn't compare, but nor should it. It doesn't claim to be in that space. I expected it to be a notch off the Four Seasons and so it proved. A only a small notch too!. Lovely clean and bright room. Superb views, very quiet, comfy bed etc. Excellent service all round and nice staff. For the money and quality it stacked up very well indeed. Couldn't really fault it any way given it was half the cost of the Four Seasons but pretty close in terms of overall experience. We will go there again when in Chicago. Great location too. 
I vacationed at the Fairmont Chicago for 3 nights in July 2009. The room, the bathroom, the view, and the staff were all wonderful. I just wish the hotel were a few blocks North (on MI Ave). Sometimes, when you're tired, that extra couple of blocks seem like miles! 
For the price of the Marriott we spent a night here ($122 + tax) and had an enjoyable if brief stay. As others have noted the hotel has been recently renovated, and the rooms are furnished with attractive and sleek scandanavian-type design. The staff was polite and attentive, and seemed to match the redesign with a hip kind of feel. The parking is pricey at $49, so I used an adjacent lot and self-parked, and as others have noted, the lack of water-pressue in the shower was disappointing. Good location. Would return, esp as this pricepoint. 
I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago and found it to be a fantastic hotel. Staff was always courteous and helpful - from the front desk staff at check-in to wait staff in Aria restaurant, to the maid who cleaned my room. The rooms were recently updated, with large flat-screen TV's, beautiful linens, and exceptional toiletries in each room. My room even had a view of Monroe St. harbor. It is truly a first-rate hotel. Location is south of the river and east of Michigan Ave -- as we normally stay north of the river it seems a little out of the way (if that's possible in downtown Chicago), however its location significantly lowers street noise. The hotel has excellent access to Millennium Park, the Aon center (there is a connecting concourse), and is about 4 blocks from shopping on North Michigan Ave. I ate dinner in Aria and it was fantastic! Room service for breakfast was quite good as well. Overall, I'd stay again in a minute if I had business in the loop, or leisure plans in Millennium or Grant Parks. 
I stayed at the Fairmont to attend a conference. I was very pleased with the hotel. The doorman offered me an umbrella as I headed out for a walk... and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- I would have been soaked with it. Upon my return, the doorman then asked about my walk, etc. This is reflective of all the staff I encountered. The front desk promptly checked me in. DEFINITELY register for their rewards program before you arrive... The complimentary gym access is excellent, plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members. The bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient. The only negative- no coffee maker! AND the Starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days!!! Otherwise my stay was perfect, considering the conference rate was $99 per night! 
We went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close. Although the lobby is still being renovated, our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive. The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate. The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished. The maid does not do that, and by bedtime on the first night, we still didn't have coffee. We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply. The restaurant is a little underwhelming, but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks, we probably wouldn't have eaten there any more than we did. After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels, this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return. 
From the moment I stepped up to the front entrance my luxury service began! I enjoyed every minute @ the fairmont! The King room was spacious and the decor chic! The coffee maker was the coolest and the bathroom is huge! I really like the separate shower, tub, and separate door for the toilet. The desserts and cheese spread at ENO so yummy. Before the fairmont the W hotel was my favorite chain of hotels to stay at. 
My husband and I were in the Fairmont Chicago recently for a conference. We stayed in a spacious suite. All amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape. The bed was very comfortable. Views were great. I love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights. The room was so quiet, it was very relaxing. We ate in the restaurant downstairs (Aria) and although pricey, it was excellent. The staff were consistently attentive and responsive. It is evident that everyone is very well-trained. I would love to stay here again. 
Simply a nice place to stay... I had a great deal for the room, and was impressed with the quality. Hotel staff was very helpful; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes. Negative: It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it's the same here; you have to pay for the internet. Negative: Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone, or them shower. 
I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for one night - I'm a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals. I checked in late (almost 10pm) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- Atlanta. I took the shuttle to the airport (best option in lieu of the over priced taxis), and it was my first time staying at the hotel. Upon arrival, I immediately noticed the entrance, which appeared very welcoming and warm to me. I checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if I'd prefer a king or double (reconfirming my reservation preference). I always take the king when I can, and the bed was fantastic! It was suited with great linen and these incredible down & feather pillows named Encompass made by The Pillow Factory -- I checked the tags, since I plan to buy some! I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - Aria, which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and YES, it does stand out all on it's own. The food is Asian fusion, and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie, I appreciate great food when I taste it! The hotel service was good as well. Only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely. They missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet, which tasted a bit 'metallic'. But they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after I passed on the buffet. I would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view (if you can get a room with one), fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet. 
We got this hotel by chance since we decided the spur of the moment to spend a nite in Chicago on 7/24/09. We went thru Priceline and was lucky to get a room at this hotel for only $69 (normal rate was around $200). The room was superb on the 29th floor with a nice king bed. Hotel is only about 1.5 blocks to Michigan Ave so the location is very convenient. Parking is very expensive at $50 a nite but we parked right next door at a selfpark for just $30. We decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant to save us from walking elsewhere. We ordered the buckwheat pan cakes and egg benedict. They were absolutely delicious which stunned us since we didn't expect this type of experience from a hotel restaurant especially for breakfast. Glad we didn't pick their breakfast buffet since the special menu is much better. I highly recommend this beautiful and cozy hotel for your Chicago visit. 
I stayed at the Fairmont during a professional conference. While I have to say that for a conference, some of the meeting rooms were too small, in terms of traveler's comfort the hotel is exceptional! I can't think of a single thing about my room that wasn't perfect. The accommodations were luxurious and the hotel is conveniently situated within walking distance of many Chicago attractions. 
Nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the Fairmont Chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to Chicago. The staff were friendly and helpful, arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city. There are many attractions withiin easy walking distance (The Art Institute is a must see and Millenium Park is a fun visit). The architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the Fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby. The rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense. We would definitely stay here again. 
We recently completed our second stay at the Fairmont Chicago. The check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure. That is fine when I am traveling on business, but on leisure trips I would appreciate a warmer greeting. The hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay, but other than seeing some signage/attendees in the lobby, we wouldn't have noticed. This is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the 8 speedy elevators. We stayed in a Parkview Suite so we had a large room with a great view of Millenium Park. The anteroom was well appointed with a sofa, coffee table, desk, mini-bar with sink and coffee maker, and dining area. The bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard Fairmont room, but maybe slightly larger. The bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard Fairmont room, and once again, possibly slightly larger. The upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious, and several small touches such as a shoe shine station (with extra collar tabs), are peppered throughout. We booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled. The hotel restaurant, Aria, couldn't find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us. They had no problem seating us and the dinner (both food and service) was lovely. Minor complaints: The pillows could be better. I'm not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit, but seriously, these things barely felt like pillows. I'll suffer through some congestion if I can get better neck support. Also, the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car (and charge you $49). And as I mentioned above, the front desk experience could be improved. Best feature: After our first stay, I gave a brief review in the comments section of the Fairmont President's Club (membership is free) website. I received a phone call from the Director of Rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience. After this stay, I left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay, but still received a warm, friendly phone call from the Director of Rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay. Kudos to the Fairmont for taking its customers seriously, and for that, they've won my loyalty. 
I actually booked this reservation with the hotel over the phone and got a great rate -- much lower than the usual price! It was a lovely hotel, beautifully appointed, walking distance from the places we wanted to go. We would highly recommend the Fairmont. 
We stayed at the Fairmont two nights for the SOFA art fair at the Navy Pier. I was impressed that the bellman called us by name when he met the taxi and pronounced it correctly, which is quite unusual. Everyone smiled and welcomed us. The lobby looks clean and friendly, not ultramodern, but not at all tired or worn. Our room, also clean and comfortably furnished, was larger than we expected, with a clean, modern bath and a lovely view of the Navy Pier and the lake. We did not eat at the restaurant, but it looked attractive. Our only problem was that we had asked for non-feather pillows, upon reserving the room, upon checking in, and calling housekeeping. After waiting an hour, we went to bed. The next day the check-in desk person was extremely apologetic and by the time we returned, all the feathers were replaced with foam and non-allergenic materials. The hotel is convenient to Millenium Park and Michigan Ave. We would stay there again, assuming we could get good rates. 
The concierge was so helpful. Without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful. They even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seating's. Loved the health club at the back of the hotel. By joining the presidents club, it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities. The rooms were large, updated and had views looking out in 3 directions. The coffee maker in the room was exceptional. Location is great for getting mostly anywhere. Parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground Millennium Garage that was only $25.00 per 24 hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel. 
I stayed at the Fairmont for a few nights and found the whole experience excellent. I was given a very large room with great views of the city; the breakfast was extremely good; and the location was as central as I could have wished for. The pool was not large but felt luxurious and was great for early morning swims. In the evening I spent some time in the hotel bar with friends and that was excellent too. Highly recommended as a base for exploring Chicago. 
I got a Sunday night stay for only $50 off of Priceline.com, so it would be hard to complain...but this was truly a great hotel, even if I paid double. The first impression you get when you walk through the sliding doors of the Hyatt Regency Chicago is WOW. The lobby is beautiful with a upscale mall type of look to it with an open area that has a restaurant, plenty of couches,seats etc to people watch and a lake with water fountains. You take the escalator to the concierge/directory/check in area. The hotel let me check in at 12pm (I had a 3pm check in time). I suggest you call ahead like I did so they know you are coming early.The women at the desk was friendly and when I requested a higher level floor she was more than happy to look it up and even told me "I have a room on the 18th floor with a veiw of the river or you can go higher with no view". I thought it was pretty nice to give me that information so that I wouldnt get stuck with a room with a view of a wall. The rooms are big (I had a doubles room) The beds were beautiful with great pillows,blankets,headboards etc. An Ipod alarm clock was a nice 21st century touch to the room. Great to plug in your ipod, listen to some music and get ready for a night out or when relaxing after a long day of touring Chicago. The view was very nice and the bathroom was spotless and had great toiletries. Another great feature is the concierge area's computers that gives you access to printing your boarding pass before you get to the airport. You simply look at the screen, click on your airline icon and following the instructions. I had my boarding passes in about a minute. Came in handy when I got to OHare and was able to skip a long line of frustrated passengers. I was only in the hotel for 1 day, but it was by far one of the better hotel experiences I have had and I travel alot. It is a business hotel, but definitely a great choice for families and couples. Definitely would stay here again when Im passing through Chicago. 
We booked our room on Priceline, and got a good deal at around $100 per night. We stayed for the first 2 nights of our US trip so didnt use too many of the hotel's facilities The hotel is centrally located, just over the Chicago River from the shops at North Michigan Avenue, and around a mile from Navy Pier Our room was clean and comfortable, and on the 29th floor we had a good view of the city, and could just about see Lake Michigan (though the weather was very bad). The layout of the room is a little peculiar, with the bed facing away from the window, but over all we have no complaints about this hotel, and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests So, pros and cons: Pros: Helpful and friendly staff Clean and comfortable throughout Spacious rooms Large and airy public areas Starbucks and gift shop in lobby Cons A large hotel, so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk / lobby area 
I booked a room at the Hyatt through Priceline and was able to get a rate of $45/night! Can't go wrong with that! The rooms are nice, spacious, clean and contain all the amenties a traveler would need. I have to say that I have fallen in love with the Hyatt chain due to their customer service. I have stayed at a few of their hotels in different cities and the staff has always been extremely friendly, which you don't often see at other hotels. I used the self-check in machine, and the customer service person checked in on me to make sure everything was going smoothly. Then, when she saw that my room was not on a high level, she offered to have it changed for me so that I could have a better view. I would highly recommend this hotel! 
Great hotel in a wonderful location. I stayed in this hotel last weekend for one night before coming home and I loved it. I couldn't recommend it highly enough. Evidently popular and busy, the staff were still helpful. The rooms were lovely and spacious and clean. Bathrooms were clean, bright and spacious also. I'd definitely recommend this hotel too, it's close to the magnificant mile. 
Stayed here for 3 nights for a Bridgestone/Firestone convention. No complaints. Room was great with a beautiful view. Staff was very accommodating. Had drinks and appetizers in main bar. Fantastic! Great location. Yes it's a huge hotel as it's used for conventions but that didn't stop it from being a great place. 
My wife and I stayed at this hotel at the end of May, 2009. She came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city. We got a deal on this hotel through TravelZoos. $249/night stay for $99/night plus we got the full buffet breakfast. The room was wonderful. Extremely large King size bed with expansive sitting area. We are used to smaller hotels with little room to move. The bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows. No wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit (poor taps). We could have upgraded to river view for $20/night but chose not to. We enjoyed the room for what it was. 22nd floor looking south. The buffet breakfast was great. Lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs, non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please. Great to have breakfast included in night stay. Might be a bit dear to pay at $22/person. It was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast, coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal. Concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat, always informative and ready to provide maps, directions, multiple suggestions and even make the reservations. Cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs. Location was great. Blocks from El and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river. If in Chicago again, would not hesitate to stay here again. A swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it. 
Staff were friendly, room was well kept like a typical Hyatt location. Hotel is huge, with two buildings and over 2000 rooms. Good location, close to Michigan Ave and the subway. Parking is $48/day. Ouch! I bid on it on Priceline for $59. 
I stayed here for business and loved it. Got it for $93 inc tax on Priceline, an incredible deal for this hotel. If I wasn't on priceline I would expect to pay $200 per night (maybe more) for this location/level of service. It's in the heart of downtown Chicago, walkable to many locations. The lobby is very impressive, the room was very nice. No complaints at all, from check-in to check-out. I was alone so didn't go to the bar but it looked like people were really enjoying themselves. It was full of people all the time. I want to stay here when I come back with my husband for a fun weekend in the city. 
I asked for a high floor away from the elevator and that is what I got. The room was pleasantly decorated, functional and very clean. I didn't need a whole lot of service but when I did they were pleasant and prompt. I used the fitness center which was well equipped and everything was in working order. It is in a great location at one end of the Michigan Avenue shopping district. 
On our visit to Chicago, we chose the Hyatt due to its location in downtown, within walking distance to most major attractions, such as Sears Tower, Magnificent Mile, Grant/Millenium Parks, etc. Subway & bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . Overall the hotel was very nice, clean, and at a great location. Was in a safe area. Went to beautiful Wrigley Field and Soldier Field and saw both teams play. I love Chicago and would defenitely stay here again! 
Named my price on priceline. $50.00 Bucks. Hotel room was great. Clean, Clean and new. Fresh crisp sheets, comfortable bed, flat screen TV, clean carpet, nice bath, etc. Short distance to food and sightseeing. I highly recommend this property. Be prepared to pay over $40.00 per night to park. Hey, Its a hyatt. They also charge $5.00 for a bottle of water that is normally a buck. For a total of $100.00 nightly stay in Chicago this place is it just don't drink the bottled water. Happy Travels 
My friend and I stayed for just one night, and loved the hotel. It had an awesome water feature in the hotel, and great large bar. Like all Hyatts it had a very comfortable bed, lot's of pillows, and large bathroom. 
This comes a little late as I'm finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months:) A dear friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in late October 2007 for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town. This hotel is perfect, IMO. Easy check in and check out. Lovely, clean, comfortable rooms with great views of the city. I know this area pretty well and it's very convenient to many downtown Chicago attractions. We had dinner and went clubing with our friends around Division St.. We had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the Hyatt and there's even public transportation right near by but we didn't bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel. Parking, as is usual for Chicago, was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly (however, we left on a Sunday morning, not exactly a high traffic time although it was a Bears homegame day, so a bit busier than usual I would think). No problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of $100 through Hotwire, a downright steal for this area of Chicago and the quality of the hotel. 
Stayed in a Junior Suite which was beautiful and spacious. It had the largest flat screen tv I have ever seen in a hotel (great excuse to catch up on some movies) The breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice. The service was top notch. Stayed in a lower floor in the East tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty. The Shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the Field musium was amazing. Chicago remains tied with London as my favourite city. 
We arrived at 10:30 am on a Friday, and they had a room ready for us by 11:30 am, mind you check in is not until 3:00pm. We got our room on Priceline for $65.00 per night and stayed 3 nights. We were upgraded - for free - to a suite. I think I was so blown away by that, that I forgot to thank them at check-in! Our room was fantastic. It also had a wet bar and a fridge. The bathroom was quite large and had a nice sized closet with many hangers. I knew from previous reviews to not touch the mini-bar. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The room was very clean. Every employee there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. We stayed on the 25th floor of the east tower and had a quiet room. Yes, you could hear people in the hallways, but only because they were rude and were yelling. These were not children, they were adults. I don't know why everyone complains about $48 for parking. This is Chicago and every other hotel we saw charged just as much, some without in/out privledges. We didn't use any of the restaurants or the health club. We tried to eat at the Corner Bakery but it was too crowded. Breakfast at nearby Houlihan's had a buffet for $9.99 per person. Also the grocery store behind the hotel is great. There is a 7-11 not too far away. I don't know why there are so many bad reviews on this hotel. Yes, it's a big hotel. If you don't want a busy lobby, don't stay in a 2,000 plus room hotel!! I loved the Hotel and would recommend it to anyone. Not one problem. Wasn't too busy for me. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. 
We paid $75 a night through Priceline, which is excellent for June. Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river. The room was large, clean and had a couch, easy chair and desk chair. The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread' style, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large and, well, we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way. We ate at the lobby restaurant, which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there. We only got Cobb Salads, so I don't know if the food, in general, is good or not. The Cobb was so-so. Our only complaint was the $48 fee to park your car over-night and the $13 daily fee for the internet. Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept. We hated to leave! 
Triple A rate with upgrade to view room was less than $200 which also included breakfast vouchers. Had a great view of river, lake, Wrigley Bldg. & Tribune Bldg. Most major restaurants, Shopping, Sightseeing attractions within walking distance. Large room with a very comfortable bed. 
Booked this on priceline for an insanely low price of $65 a night. The BF and I were amazed when we got there--the person checking us in was friendly and helpful to suggest some local nightspots and the room was gorgeous! A nice upscale, downtown feel and super comfy beds. We had a fabulous view from the 25th floor that inlcluded a sliver of Lake Michigan, a sliver of the Taste of Chicago crowds, and some friendly office workers in the builiding next door who waved to us a few times. Seriously. We had a pretty anonymous experience the rest of our stay--which was fine with us. The hotel consists mainly of 2 towers and is like a huge, sprawling city inside. But we weren't there to stay in the hotel room the entire time...we like to get out and explore as much as possible. The location was fantastic. Easy walking distance to Michigan Avenue and the rest of downtown. We walked for blocks well into the night and never felt like we needed a cab. I also highly recommend the Urban Cruise on the river (the entrance is right across from the hotel)--we saw some amazing architecture from the boat and got to cruise Lake Michigan a bit too. Don't park your car here if you don't need to--it's very expensive. Park downtown or ditch the rental car--you won't need it anyway, you can walk to tons of stuff or grab a cab. Love Chicago and totally recommend this hotel! 
Check-in was fast, the room was perfect, and there were no problems. This is a standard big-city business hotel with every amenity imaginable. I got a very good deal for a one-night stay, but they made the money back from the exorbitant parking rate and the absurd access fee for wireless internet. If you are bored of the routine hotel fare, walk two blocks to Gourmet Pantry (155 N. Michigan) for a refreshing change. 
I stayed at the Hyatt for a two nights on a business trip. My room was oddly shaped to give a stunning view of the river and NBC Building. Both the room and the bathroom were spotless and the room had an air purifier which ran silently. The hotel was well staffed with individuals who were knowledgeable about both the hotel and the surrounding area. I would not hesitate to stay here again and plan to return with my wife for a weekend. 
We stayed at the Omni between Christmas and New Year's in 2008 just to get away for a few days. We found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap. So this year we checked online just a day or so after Christmas and the deal was there again. It also included parking at the great price. Huge suite overlooking downtown Chicago. Best location to walk EVERYWHERE. My 12 and 11 yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows. Can't wait to go back. 
Just back from 5 night stay at Omni and would thoroughly recommend it. Staff bent over backwards to assist in anything, no matter how minute. Great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my 10yo daughter. If i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges, taxes etc for room service, bar and restaurant, but where is cheap these days? Would definitely recommend it, especially for families. 
I stayed at the Omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown Chicago hotel. I was completely impressed by the service; all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding. I checked in quite early (no problem) and was efficiently checked in. My room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener (the ONLY negative from the entire stay), which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows. I don't generally require much during my hotel stays, but suffice to say the doorman, housekeeping, the night manager and bartender at 676, the day waiter at 676, and the concierge were amazing - I never waited more than about 30 seconds for anything. The room was very comfy and the amenities were superior. One very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex/coffee paraphernalia. One wastebasket would make all the difference. All that said - what a great hotel!! Thanks, Omni - I had a great stay! 
My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. I had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite. When we arrived, she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what I had requested--and more. Our suite had a partial view of the lake!!! And, we were able to check in early. The service at this hotel is incredible. Everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had. The suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel, very near to Michigan Avenue. Housekeeping was prompt and thorough. We really couldn't have asked for a better hotel. We will definitely stay there on future trips to Chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there. 
We stayed at Omni Chicago for 2 nights in early July (July 1-3). The reason we chose this hotel was simply because of a great deal we got on TravelZoo. We got pretty good rate that included a valet parking and vouchers for food&beverages. I also signed up for their loyalty program, which was so worth it. I was concerned at first that we would be treated like a second-class guest because of the price we paid. But I was totally wrong! They treated us extremely well. Before our arrival, I got an email asking if we needed anything. So, I asked for a fridge to store the baby milk. And they arranged it for us without charge :) We arrived late on Thursday night. Our room was ready for us upon our arrival with the fridge I requested. We were given a corner suite on the 10th floor...very nice room...comfy bed. My husband was really wowwwww!!! The bed was made ready for us - both in the bedroom and the sofa-bed (we didn't use the sofa-bed though). We got a high-speed Internet as part of the loyalty program. All staff were friendly and helpful...front desk, valet parking, bell boy, room service, concierge,... everyone! We used the voucher for room-service breakfasts both morning. The first day was great. Food was great, and quick. We also got complimentary beverages as part of the loyalty program. We ordered OJ and hot chocolate. They both were so good that we ordered them again the next morning. But we were very disappointed that the hot chocolate tasted pretty horrible. It tasted like left-over coffee mixed with water and a bit of chocolate :( Also, we ordered Belgian waffle for our breakfast, which was supposed to come with whipped cream and strawberries...but we got a plain waffle. So, we had to call the restaurant and wait for a while to get those. This is why I didn't give "5" for service. However, I reported these issues to the front-desk when checking out, and the front-desk staff took care of it by not charging us for that meal. Another thing is that it's quite noisy at night even though we were on the high floor. We could hear siren going on & off during the night. But this is out of the hotel's control though. And I would say that it didn't bother us at all. My baby could sleep very well. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay, and would definitely consider Omni for our next trip to Chicago. 
Great hotel in heart of Chicago for business or pleasure. Rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large. Flat screen TVs, marble baths, all rooms are suites, great desk, kitchenette, comfortable bed, free wireless internet... everything you could ask for. Location is easy walk to Magnificient Mile and lots of great restaurants. Staff is friendly and helpful. Short cab ride to Loop. 
At the last minute, my son and I decided to take a quick trip to Chicago to see the Cubs. After checking Priceline I decided to book the Omni because of the great price for airfare and hotel. We arrived at the hotel around noon and our room was ready(I had called ahead and requested early arrival).The front desk treated us like we were there best customers-very friendly and accomodating. The room was wonderful with all the modern conviences you would expect in an upscale hotel. The room was spotless and the bed was VERY comfortable. There was not one sign of bed bugs as mentioned in a previous review-maybe those bed bugs were from their luggage and were transferred into their room!!!We then went to the hotel restaurant and had lunch. Our service was great as was the food. We also tried several restaurants around the Omni-all within walking distance. The service, cleanliness and location of the Omni were incredible. We will definitely go back. 
I'll keep it short. My wife, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We go on several vacations a year and this was a great hotel. Location: It is located in the center of the Magnificent Mile (Michigan Ave.), so it is near or easily accessible to everything you might want to do. Hotel: The hotel itself is very clean, as were the rooms. Maid service was excellent, including 2x daily cleaning and turndown service (I think they missed a night). Service: Every staff member we encountered was super friendly and kind. They always have someone at the lobby door greeting you with a smile. Every night we had milk and cookies waiting in our room (sometimes chocolates on our pillows). They always pushed the elevator button for you if they were near it. There was no shortage of people to ask things. My only conplaint was that the congierge was tough to get. They shouuld have more than one, or longer hours. Other: We had breakfast in the 676 Restaurant and it was very good, and well attended, appointed. They even carried my wifes plate to the table from the buffet. The pool was a nice addition and a hit with the kids. It was nice to go for a swim after a long day of walking. Pool and changing areas were spotless. Room: Clean, sunny and spacious. Probably over 400 sq. ft. - 2 TVs, couch, desk, chairs - all in perfect shape. The windows open for some fresh air. Pillows were pretty comfortable. With all aspects considered, I think this was an unbeatable value! I would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to a friend. I truly have nothing negative to say about the hotel. It was a wonderful stay and we will miss being there. Omni has hit the right formula to make a guest feel like a welcomed person as opposed to just a nuisance or a number. The airlines have cornered the market on that. 
We arrived at the Omni on 2nd September for a 6 day stay. I took ill when I left the plane after travelling from Manchester so I saw more of the room than I anticipated. I couldn't go out for 4 days. The room was spacious and clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was large and very clean. What more could you ask. We had coffee and juice left outside our door every morning at the time we requested. I managed to go to the 5th floor to see the sun terrace (outside the gym) Having a sun terrace in a city hotel is a great idea but the terrace was a bit grim. A few sunbeds on a concrete floor. There was also noise from an air conditioning unit. It could do with a bit of cheering up. What I saw of Chicago was very pleasing, it has something for everyone. Would I go back to the Omni? yes I would. 
We have stayed at several high end places in Chicago and this is still our favorite. Location is superb, staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying. Cornell, at the front desk, is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge. We love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program, high speed internet is gratis, as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing. Bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains! We have never had a bad stay at this hotel. 
Got a good deal on a weekend pacage in this Hotel and have to say it is the nicest stay I have had in more than a dozen business trips to Chicago. All rooms are Suites, staff is friendly and professional, Restaurant is out of this world and all the extras like a great health club, turn down service, complimentary morning beverages delivered to room and on and on. Room was very clean and every need was attended to without feeling intruded on. Will definately stay here again. 
I stayed at the Omni with a Band that what in town. The room was amazing. Just walking in, the hotel was gorgeous. I have no complaints. Prompt Room service, Friendly front desk. Many shops, beautiful fountin. Just an all around great hotel in a great City. 
My wife and I travelled to Chicago and really were treated like royalty by the hotel staff! (My brother and his wife also stayed during this period.) The front desk staff, the concierge, the Star Bucks server, the restaurant, the lounge servers . . . all were wonderful! The rooms were spacious and the flat screen tv was really great! The bath room was a real plus ... it was huge and had everything one desires. Great view from 20th floor to Michigan Avenue below! Overall, great stay and highly recommended! 
Just got back from 2 days up in Chicago shopping with girlfriends. First time I have stayed at the Omni. I did so because I saw a $129.00 rate that included $25.00 of free food on Travelzoo. The three of us (55 year olds) all stayed in one suite with 2 double beds and a VERY comfortable pull out sofa. We had plenty of room. Food in the restaurant was great, service was outstanding from everone we came into contact with, early morning delivery of free coffee, juice and hot chocolate was fabulous and recommendations from the staff on where to eat, time of movies, shopping areas, etc was really helpful. Need I mention the outstanding location? Simply the best! We all decided that the Omni is our new favorite hotel. 
We just returned from our first trip to Chicago and stayed at the Omni. I read many reviews on trip advisor and picked the Omni based on its wonderful reviews and they were right on. The location, staff, rooms, amenities, etc were all wonderful. Huge thank you to TA members who suggested signing up for the preferred member program. We did that before we left and received complimentary beverages in the morning and newspapers among other perks. I loved being woken up to fresh orange juice and the Chicago Tribune newspaper. We were in room 816 which was perfect. Corner suite with two out of the 3 sides of the rooms being windows with a great view. The room was huge with a gorgeous king bed and great living area with plasma TV. The bathroom amenities were wonderful. I loved soaking in the tub with the mineral salts that were provided. The turn down service was great as well. We would come back to our room with relaxing music playing and our bed ready for us. We ate at their restaurant twice and the breakfast buffet was delicious. The blueberry muffins were the best I have ever had. Everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly. The staff at the Omni is so accomodating. Everyone is always smiling and asking you how your stay is. Have to thank the concierge Melissa and Curtis. They were both so helpful with great dining suggestions and maps for everything we wanted to do. I also used the gym during my stay and it was great. All the machines were top notch and each treadmill has a lcd TV attached. And the gym itself had two plasmas. They also had cold lemon water for you after your workout. I am a stickler for cleanliness and it was sparkling every morning. It really was a fantastic stay at the Omni and we would never stay anywhere else. I also wanted to mention we never heard any construction while we were there. Everything was quiet and we both slept wonderfully on the big comfy bed. Thank you Trip Advisor for another great trip suggestion! 
I stay at this hotel 2 times a year on business and LOVE it! The staff are great, the rooms are spacious and clean, and the location is perfect for shopping and dining on Michigan Ave. Plus if you sign up for Omni Select Membership (for free) you get free wireless internet access. 
This a great property, excellent location and wonderful staff. Everyone was very accommodating and polite. The room I had was on the 23rd floor and was like a suite, with a living area and a bedroom. The living room was spacious, with a plasma TV, a desk and a couch. The beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality. In the closed they placed an umbrella, which came in handy, it rained the whole time I was in Chicago. The internet connection is $9.95/24hrs. Great place, I will return for sure. 
This hotel is the perfect location for downtown Chicago shopping. The only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors, but looks much larger on the website. 
The Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue. Within just blocks are all types of stores, including Saks, Nordstroms, H&M, Filenes Basement, Macys, La Perla, Apple, Bloomingdates.....I could go on and on! The room itself was fabulous. Comfortable, nice big flat screen tvs, nice sized bathroom. They charge for Wi-Fi, but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration. We got this hotel for $214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal! 
The Omni Chicago really delivers on all fronts, from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on Michigan Avenue. While this address in Chicago requires a high level of quality, the Omni delivers. Check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under 3 minutes, the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events, and the rooms are some of the largest you'll find at this price range in Chicago. Even the "standard" room has a separate living area and work desk. The fitness center has free weights, weight machines, and two rows of cardio equipment. I shared the room with 7 others and did not feel cramped in any way! All in all, a great property! 
