The Conrad Chicago hotel had some of the worst service I have ever dealt with. I got the Executive Room with a king size bed. When I got in, the sheets were stained with some type of chocolate or mud. I called down to front desk and it took them an hour to come up and change them for me. They have a pillow menu which I tried to select from but they were out of over half of them. The Ipod dock was not working either. Also, the room service servers were very short with me and delivered my food luke warm. This hotel is the worst in Chicago and I would never recommend going there!
The name Conrad (the most luxurious of all Hilton hotels) should illicit nothing but images of pure elegance and luxury; however, the Conrad in Chicago, IL did obviously not receive the memo. Upon entering the hotel, we were not greeted by any of the hotel staff. Additionally, we were not offered any help. The desk receptionist was beyond rude. Her snide remarks towards my wife and me set the tone for a the rest of our stay. After getting our card, we were finally offered help with our luggage. The young man who helped us could barely handle our luggage. Strangely, he somehow found more strength when it was time to collect his tip. He received the tip he deserved, which he scoffed about and groaned under his breath as he walked away. Upon first looking at the room it was beautiful. However, closer inspection revealed that the room had NOT been cleaned since the last visitor had left. There was hair in the sink and around the toilet. There was even a used bar of soap in the bathtub. This fact was not met with any apology by hotel staff. Instead, I was told that was preposterous and that the room had indeed been cleaned to the highest of standards. Two-hours later, someone came into the room to "investigate". When they saw the mess that had been left, they offered a menial apology. Still another two hours later, housekeeping arrived. The level of incompetence even extended to the valets in the parking garage. In the most incredible display of stupidity of our visit, the valet actually brought the wrong car to me. I was half tempted to take the car that was brought to me (it was certainly an incredible make and model), but my better judgment prevailed. I informed the valet of his mistake, to which he replied, "Sorry dude, I read your ticket wrong." I know that he did not smoke in my car, but he smelled so strongly of smoke, that the smell melted into my seat. Luckily, its location on Rush will help get out of the terror that is Conrad Chicago. There are so many better hotels in Chicago -- please spend your money elsewhere.
Overpriced is the best word to describe the Conrad Chicago hotel. While it may be in downtown Chicago, the room had no view. Although I asked for non-smoking, the room reeked of smoke. The elevators were very slow, and one was not working during my stay. There was a stain on the pillow, and the leg of one of the chairs in the room was broken. There was a dead bug in the bath tub. I was only given 2 towels for my 4 night stay. My credit card was billed twice, and it took 2 weeks to reverse to extra charge. I do not recommend this hotel at all!
This hotel is rather far from the airport and in traffic it took almost 2 hours to get there. By that time, I was so tired I was just ready to check in to my room. I stood in line forever as there was only one person working at the front desk. That was only the beginning. It was very noisy outside from people constantly walking around. I guess it's because they're located in the middle of the downtown area, but they could at least make the walls thicker. I don't want to hear everything going on in my neighbor's room. The bathroom was not very clean and one of the towels had a hole in it. The toilet ran all night which kept me up along with all the people on the street. The restaurant food was horrible and I would rather buy food from a street vendor than to pay the ridiculously high price they charged for a burger. Overall, I was very disappointed with my stay at the Conrad Chicago.
Chicago has many wonderful luxury hotels for tourists and business travelers. When visiting the Windy City, however, the Conrad Hotel and Resort is one to avoid. While the description promises clean accommodations, luxury amenities, and "deep soaking tubs," in relity, the rooms fall short of expectations. I opened the door to my suite to find a musty smell in the room similar to that of an old neglected closet. A bit disappointed, I decided to ignore this fact. Hoping to take a nice long soak after my travels, I made my way to the bathroom. While I did find a large, deep bathtub, there was a hard water stain giving it a dingy look. Hardly what I expected for the price I paid for the accommodations. In the corner of the bathroom, I found a reminder of a pevious guest, a clump of blond hair. The maid service seemed to be lacking. Not to be deterred from enjoying my stay, I decided to watch television on the 42 inch flat screen I had been promised. Unfortunately, the battery to the remote control was dead. I called the front desk, at my wits' end, to complain about the issues, but was greeted by a desk clerk with a very sassy attitude who seemed to doubt my every word. Overall, I would definitely not recommend the Conrad Hotel and Resort in Chicago. My room was dirty, the staff was unfriendly, and the ammenities were few and far between. On my next stay in Chicago, I will definitely stay elsewhere.
What a disappointment this hotel was. First, the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in. When we finally got up to our room, we opened the door and found someone else was already in it! Yes, the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else's room. We went back to the clerk who checked us in (skipping the still present line, which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting) and told him the problem. However, he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us. He did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do. This took a *very* long time. It was a good 10-15 minutes until he came back. He said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view. The hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these, but when we got to this new room, we found out why these rooms hadn't been taken. The room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel. We briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel, but it was late already so we just decided to make do. That was, of course, until the garbage truck came around 6am and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down. Then somewhere around 7:30am the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise. So much for a good night's sleep. I suppose I should say the room itself looked nice, but with all the noise from the loading dock, who cares. We gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel. Definitely not going back here ever again.
My husband and I recently stayed at the Conrad Chicago for three nights, a Thursday through Saturday. Let me say we were less than pleased with our experience. We chose to stay in the "King Bed Deluxe Room" and for an average of over three hundred dollars a night we were sorely disappointed with the accommodations. Upon entry the room looked as though it had not been cleaned thoroughly, the rug looked dirty and there were crumbs or something on the dresser. The room was size was average, and again for three hundred dollars a night we were expecting a almost suite type room. The major annoyance was how loud people were. We came in after midnight each evening and long after we went to bed we could hear people coming down the hallway yelling and running. That is totally unacceptable for a supposed high end hotel. You can expect a loud guest maybe once, but every night is ridiculous. The service was also extremely sub par. We had to wait 20 minutes at check in because the girl at the counter was too busy talking to another employee about what she was going to do after work. One day we put the no house cleaning sign on the door and a maid literally walked in on me. She completely disregarded the sign, did not even bother to knock and just unlocked the door and came right in. It scared me and I'm just glad I was not getting out of the shower or changing. So to sum up, we will never stay at the Conrad again, we will never recommend it to anyone else, and for the money there are a hundred much better hotels to stay at in Chicago.
My wife and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago Hilton a few weeks back. I had a conference in the Windy City, and my wife decided she'd come along to do some shopping. First off let me say, typically I LOVE staying in hotels - any chance I get, i'll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed. That said, this place was terrible. The room had a slight odor to it, kind of a fishy smell. The people at the front desk were rude to us. And I found a soiled pair of women's panties under the bed. Gross! Not to mention that once we got home, we both had bug bites up and down our legs--- now we're worried we brought bedbugs home with us! If I could take this trip back I would. What a terrible place. Shame on you Conrad Hilton, shame on you!
I had originally chosen the Conrad Chicago Hotel for its location near shopping centers that were within walking distance. However, I later learned that I had made a poor choice. Upon arrival, the lobby seemed nice and we checked in with the clerk. Although, when we reached out hotel room, we were dissapointed in finding it to be a one-bedroom suite. My family went back down to demand another room with two queen-size beds. The clerk, after a twenty minute waiting period, was able to find us a suitable room. Upon entering, the room was noticably hot. We turned on the air conditioning, and after waiting for thirty minutes, the room remained muggy and humid. I called the front desk to complain and ask for a repair man or another room. They promised a repairman within ten minutes. 1 hour later I called again and remined them that the repairman hadn't shown up. They once again promised a speedy repair. While waiting, I discovered that our room had no soap and the towels were still damp. I called the front lobby and she said that they were sorry for the inconvenience and that there were some more one the first level, but I had to go get them. After all this trouble, I argued that they should bring it up to me, but in the end, I wound up going to get it myself. After returning to my room and waiting another 30 minutes, the repair man had not shown up. So I called again, and within 5 minutes the repairman came. He managed to fix the air conditioner, but it was about 12am. We were finally able to get some peace and rest well after the room cooled off, but as the night went on, we noticed another problem. The air conditioner began to make wretched screeches and banging sounds. It also emitted a strange odor. Upon checking with the front desk, we demanded another room because it was too late at night to have it repaired. There were not available rooms left, and being so fed up with this hotel's poor service, we promptly left and checked in at a nearby hotel. I don't recommend the Conrad Chicago to anyone who wants to enjoy their time.
For our anniversary this year, my wife and I stayed at the Conrad. We're from the suburbs, so staying at a nice hotel in the city is a big deal for us. It's expensive, so we expect the best for our money. This was most definitely not the best for our money. It wasn't even a good deal either. The problems began right off the bat. When we got to our room, we were both greeted by a musty smell that seemed to hang throughout the entirety of the room. It was like walking into a dusty attic. When I sat down to watch TV, it turns out it wasn't even connected to cable or anything. I kept changing the channel, but it was nothing but static and white noise. I even looked for another remote. After we left our things, we went out for a night in Chicago, but coming back, the smell seemed to have gotten worse. I finally asked the hotel management to come up to our rooms. They moved us to a different room, but they had no explanation for the smell. For a single stay, that was more trouble than it was worth.
Don't ever stay at this hotel!, Conrad Chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine. First of all, THE PRICE! you not get what you pay for. I paid &217.50 one night for a room that did not even had a TV!! that's ridiculous! The bathroom did not work, and it was nasty! the bed sheets seemed like used, as if some people slept there and they smelled bad! After my experience with Conrad Chicago, I will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel. You get better service and accommodations even in a 1 star motel!
I will never stay at Conrad Chicago again. The employees were rude from the begining. When I asked for extra towels the lady at the front desk looked like I was an inconveniece. The bar staff wasn't much better. The maids never came and changed our sheet during our stay. Do not go there!
The Conrad Chicago is a Michelin rated hotel, so I was expecting great service and wonderful accommodations. Well, only one part of that was correct. The rooms are indeed nicely furnished, but the service was terrible! The concierge was unable to find my room reservation (I reserved online and even had the email confirmation) and wasn't very helpful in getting me a new room. I ordered room service, and the wait time was so long that the food came up cold. I mean, I understand that it would take time to get the food prepared and up to my room, but really? For the price I paid, it was definitely not worth it, and I would never use this hotel again.
I had reservations to check into the Chicago Conrad. When we arrived my wife and I were told the hotel was oversold and that I would have to take a double room rather than a king. This was a special weekend for my wife and I so this was a big disappointment. We were offered a free dinner which we accepted. The restaurant was dark and the food was fairly good. The tub in the bathroom was clogged with hair and we had to call maintenance to repair. This took about an hour to resolve. Overall we would not pick this hotel again. They should make sure all commitments are met and rooms are in excellent condition. We feel it was not a good value.
I was really excited to be visiting Chicago for the first time, and the hotel that was recommended to me was the Conrad Chicago, located on Rush Street. I wanted a hotel that was conveniently located to all the downtown sites, and the Conrad Chicago does not disappoint in that respect. However, everything else about this hotel could be classified as sub-par, ranging from the rudeness of the check-in clerks to the roaches that were freely roaming in my room. This hotel does not deserve to be on anyone's recommended list. My first problem was a rude desk clerk who checked me in. After asking for three forms of identification (most places only ask for a driver's license) and asking me twenty questions about the reason for my trip to Chicago, she reluctantly gave me a room key. I asked if there was a bell cap to help me with my bags and she said if I wanted to wait, one would be able to help in about 15 minutes. I didn't feel like waiting, so I dragged my bags to the room, only to find that the room key did not work! Instead of dragging everything back down, I decided to use my cell phone to call the front desk, only there was no cell phone signal in the hall way. I couldn't believe I was in the middle of downtown Chicago and the hotel did not have a signal! I finally flagged down someone from the housekeeping staff to let me into my room, but I immediately saw there were problems. Two roaches scampered across the carpet and when I went into the bathroom, there were no towels or wash cloths. I went to turn on the TV and it didn't work. One of the lamps was missing a light bulb. I couldn't believe that this was happening to me. I was at the Conrad Chicago, not the Motel Six! I then sat down on the bed and the mattress was soft and lumpy. I was ready to cry. I was spending a lot of money on this hotel and it was a dump. I called down to the front desk and asked for another room, but they refused, saying I had gotten a special rate and it did not allow room changes. I insisted that they give me towels, fix the TV, put a light bulb in the lamp and have someone spray to get rid of the roaches. They agreed, but told me it would take "awhile" because several of their key personnel had called in sick. My stay at the Conrad Chicago was a nightmare from beginning to end. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone
Imagine flying to the windy city for business. After a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel, the much-hyped Conrad. You've been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the Chicago skyline out your window. That's exactly how I imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride. That's the opposite of how it turned out. I got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone. I approached and they didn't even hang up. They were going on about how they thought the whole Charlie Sheen thing was overblown. I don't care. It's late. I have meetings the next day. I try to check in and they say they can't find my reservation. This is despite the fact I have my receipt with me! Finally, they check me in and don't even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags. This isn't a cheap room. It's standard to treat your customers with some level of respect. I get to my room and I open the door and it's someone else's room! Somehow they've given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person's room. Worse yet, the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room. I have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room. Finally I get up there and my room is missing a pillow. Seriously? How can the maid not notice. The bed was made. Someone must've been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows. This episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay. Needless to say, neither I nor my business will be using the services of the Conrad in Chicago.
My husband and I were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the Conrad hotel. For the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite. Upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist. Not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name, but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she couldn't spell! Our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me. We ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food. It was alright but nothing out of this world. We felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere. All in all the Conrad was a big disappointment to both of us.
I recently had the displeasure of staying at the Conrad Chicago. Although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites, my experience was anything but pleasent. First of all, they tell you that check in time is at 3pm. Well I arrived at the hotel at 3:30pm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready. After waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready, I decided to go settle in. The carpets in the room smelled old and musty. Additionally, the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips, scratches, and dents in the furniture. Although the bed was comfortable, I just couldn't get over the musty smell coming from the carpet. It was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and I did not have a very good nights sleep. All in all, my experience was not the worst I've ever had, but far from anything worth writing home about.
I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Conrad Chicago Hotel, located on North Rush Street. As part of the Hilton hotel chain, I was confident that I would have a positive experience. Unfortunately, from the time I walked in the door until the time I checked out, I was plagued with nothing but problems. When I walked into the hotel, I was not greeted by the concierge, which is usually a bad sign. (He was reading a newspaper.) Then, when I announced that I was holding a reservation, they desk clerk was unable to find it. I had a confirmation number which they agreed matched a number in their system, but they could not find the room I had reserved. Finally, they assigned me a room, but it was smaller than I had originally requested and it had a bad odor. I was very disappointed with the room and its decor. The room smelled of stale smoke, even though it was on a non-smoking floor. The bedspread was threadbare and there was no soap in the bathroom. I had to keep checking to make sure I was really at the Conrad Chicago. Surely, this was not the way the Hilton chain operates! There continued to be problem throughout my stay. I asked for a wake-up call and it was 15 minutes late, which had me scurrying around so I could make my business meeting. I ordered breakfast to be brought to my room, and it never showed up -- at all! And the water for my shower never reached anything by lukewarm, so my shower was short and unsatisfying. I decided to check out of the Conrad Chicago a day earlier than originally planned because I was so dissatisfied with the hotel and the way it attempted to resolve the problems and issues. Upon my return home, I wrote a letter to the hotel manager, but never received a reply. Because they refused to acknowledge that I had problems, I will not be staying at the Conrad Chicago again, and will avoid all Hilton Hotels in the future.
Advertised as a luxury hotel the Conrad Chicago is more gouge than grand. My wife and I decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in Chicago for our tenth anniversary. After looking at several hotels in the "Magnificent Mile" territory of downtown Chicago we selected the Conrad. The Conrad's website impressed us immediately. The pictures of the rooms were lovely, they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions, not that we were planning to watch much tv. We called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system, I was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who couldn't figure out how I was unable to make my reservations via the automated system. In any case I picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid September. My wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online, most impressed with the view. It cost a pretty penny, more than I would normally spend on out of town accomidations, but her happiness was worth it. Unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the Conrad. Valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife's purse when unloading the luggage. We spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it. At the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system. I explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost. By the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay. That ended when we found out that our "view" was of a back alley service corridor. So much for the skyline. Overall, the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow. I hate to be picky but I was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up. The spa had very limited hours as well. Somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams, away from the hotel. It was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count. I would not recommend the Conrad Chicago. I would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in Chicago. I was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms, but wouldn't have cleaned out so much of my wallet.
We booked an American Girl Place package at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. Told that we'd have a room with a nice view, apparently their idea of a nice view is of another building! Ended up getting a smoking room when we booked non-smoking, cost us $100 more a night than we were told, and staff was incredibly rude at the restaurant. Would never recommend coming here for any reason whatsoever!
I have recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and the visit was most unpleasant. This hotel was loud and the staff was very rude. All the fancy lights and designs are just a distraction from the snobby people who stay there and the people who work there that seem to hate their jobs. The hotel food was old, it seemed like they were making it all at once for all the people staying there. The beds were hard and uncomfortable and it was an over all bad experience in what looked like a "nice place to spend a vacation"
I just got home from my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. Me and my family were in Chacago for the the week and this hotel was the closest to where we needed to be. When we walked in the door there was a horrid odor. Almost like a public bathroom. The check in clerk was very irritable and was very uncooperative. She would not let us go to our rooms because our entire family was not there yet! When we finally got to our rooms the beds were not made and the room was uninviting. The beds felt like we were sleeping on rocks. After the first dreadful night we got up and went downstairs to eat breakfast. The food there tastes and looks like vomit. The rest of the weeks stay there was like living in Hell. The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel is definitely not a good place to stay. It is actually probably on of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at.
The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park has to be one of the most overpriced hotels I have stayed at in a while. At almost $500 a night, one would expect. Traveling with my wife, I expected to pay the cost of the room, already being outrageous, but then I was hit with another $20 charge for her to stay. Even with a King bed, they only figure in one person to their cost. The beds were average and although there was much to do, everything cost an arm or a leg. It was unbelievable how much they charge for everything and to see people paying it like it was normal blew me away. All in all for the amount of money that I was paying on a per night basis, if I was in Chicago for any longer than that one night, I definitely would have stayed somewhere else. I guess you live and you learn, its just a shame that I had to learn with such a high bill for very average accommodations.
If you want a 5-star hotel with 1-star service, make sure you book your next Chicago stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I checked in to the hotel, I had to wait at the desk for over ten minutes with no line. I was greeted with no "thank you for your patience," or anything similar. The room was fine, but nothing too glamorous or outstanding. The internet cost $14.95/day which is outrageous considering the price of the hotel itself. The thing that pushed me over the edge, however, was the valet parking. When I wanted my car in the morning, I had to wait 15 minutes to be acknowledged (the valets were talking to each other and ignoring me altogether). And for this "service" I was charged $51.00/night!!!! When I went to complain at the front desk, they just said that sometimes the valets get overwhelmed, and you have to exercise patience! I will exercise patience as I check out of this hotel!!!
My wife and I live in the Western Suburbs of Chicago. For our anniversary, we booked a night at the Fairmont based on recommendations from friends. While the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city, the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations. For starters, we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive. However, the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us. While the room was certainly adequate, the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included. While the latter may seem like a minor offense, it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality. Finally, the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for Chicago's standards. In summary, the Fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price, I am sure we could of done better.
My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was by far the worst hotel stay I ever had. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. They promised I would be able to relax in the spa area and it was dirty and not relaxing at all. When I got to my room I ordered room service and it took them 45 minutes to bring what I ordered. I am highly dissatisfied.
For starters, I had trouble reaching the front desk. Every time I called it would ring endlessly! When finally I did reach someone, she was snooty, impolite, and altogether unhelpful. Being from the south and not knowing anything about Chicago I was hoping the staff would have been more helpful in guiding me around such a large metropolitan area. As I was there on business, I was really looking forward to the Wi-Fi access so that my business activity would go uninterrupted. Unfortunately, this was not the case. After multiple log in attempts I ended up going to a local "internet bar." As attractive as the rooms and the hotel itself were, the complete and utter lack of service and delivering up to expectations was disappointing.
My husband and I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. What I expected to be a very pleasant experience, turned out to be a stressful visit. We specifically reserved a non-smoking king room and paid the price for that reservation. Upon arrival, the hotel did not have any non-smoking rooms available and the representative at the check in desk was not helpful. As we had no other options, we accepted a smoking room with two queen beds. I can live with the bed situation but I truly feel that having to accept a room infused with cigarette smoke is completely wrong! There wasn't an area in the room where I did not feel nauseous from the stale smell and I cannot help but think that this smell followed me around all day after check out. To add insult to injury, the hotel staff was not sympathetic to our situation -- something I think they should be specifically trained to do -- and did not offer any compensation, partial refund or related "perk" to make up for our great inconvenience. Two staff members actually acted as if I was the inconvenience in asking them if there was anything they could do! Although we paid for the breakfast package, we were eager to leave immediately in the morning and dined elsewhere at our additional expense. Pardon the pun, but we just could not sit there and dine in the morning with such a bad taste in our mouth from the hotel's lack of customer service! I am hoping the corporate office responds to our complaints but, thus far, we have received no satisfaction. Needless to say, we will not be visiting this property again! In fact, we are no longer going to patronize this brand of hotels.
On a recent business trip to Chicago, I had the unfortunate circumstance of staying at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel. Upon entrance, the lobby is beautiful and the hotel seems very nice. However, as I approached the check in counter, the woman working there was very terse and rude to me. They had me booked in the wrong kind of room and when I asked about changing it, I was snubbed and made to feel like it was a tremendous imposition for them to accommodate me. After a half hour, I finally received the correct room. The linens on the bed were of a very cheap quality, they were scratchy and had a musty smell. Also, the bathroom wasn't cleaned properly as there was still trash in the waste basket (including a condom) and there was no shampoo. Also, I had a coffee pot in the room but no coffee. When I called the front desk to ask for some, they told be it was not free and would I like to charge the coffee to my account. I found this hotel to be shocking and highly recommend that no one stay there.
My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Hotel was a short one; although, it was intended to be for five days, it only last two. When me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our Mercedez. The clerk/concierge was on his phone for nearly 5 FULL minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him. When we checked in, we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it. We then returned to Lobby, and to our dismay, the hotel had Double Booked the room! After another 30 minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a "better" room. The bed was unbearable, the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes (although it was supposedly a non-smoking room). Too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep. However, it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room. I needed an Ambien to go to sleep. I woke up with backaches, the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day, and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room. Me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the Hyatt.
Dissapointed with my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park. When I looked at its web site I was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and I to spend time in, when not gazing the "sites" in Chicago. Boy was I wrong, When I first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk. Finally, after about 20 minutes, I was approached with no apology for my wait. While trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room I originally requested was occupied, I was given a less spacious room, one bed for my wife and I to share with the kids, and was told they would voucher my meals that day. My wife and I love sushi so we figured we use it on that. When we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar. Worst display of customer service I have ever received and will never stay there again.
My experience with the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was Terrible! I arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour. I chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed I sat for 15 minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink I received was warm. When the room was finally ready I was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding. When I called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom. After all this hassle I would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered I found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee 13.95 for a 24 hour period. I was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels I have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access. Overall I was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel any time soon.
On my recent weekend stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel, i was very disappointed. I chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area. From the look of the website, my expectations were above average. I felt the website led one to believe it was upscale. Upon my arrival, i checked in. I was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room. As i was settling into the room, I began to notice a general lack of cleanliness. I noticed spiderwebs in corners, and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom. Also, it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room, however, it did not work and I had to call down for them to bring a replacement. I, as a guest should not have had to call down, these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in. I found the restaurants on site to be crowded, loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal. I did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items. Overall, my experience was not good and the next time I am in the area, I will chose another hotel for my stay.
Stayed at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and it was not a good experience. The room had been cleaned in a haphazardly fashion and was not pleasant to walk into. When I called the service desk for more towels to be brought up into the room, it took an exceedingly long amount of time for them to be brought up, and the woman who delivered the towels was as rude as can be. Will not be staying at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park again.
Whenever I decided to stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park, the only thing that I had on my mind was the idea of taking that time to relax and enjoy some time with my husband. However, the hotel choice wasn't the best. Right in the front desk when we arrived there we had problems with our reservation. The room that we had reserved was occupied and so we had to switch to some other room, which was much smaller than the original one. The hotel did give us a discount, but if I'd paid for the large room was because I wanted the it. A hotel with this name shouldn't put its guests in these kind of situation. I wont be reserving room there again.
My experience as Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was horrible. Me and my wife were on a road trip from New York and stopped had reservations for Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel. We arrived at 12:00 AM and they did not have a non-smoking room available for which we booked! My wife was pregnant at the time and the reception staff had no sympathy. My wife couldn't handle the smell of the room so I asked for a refund to go stay somewhere else. They refused and were very rude and unhelpful. We had to stay the night, and the first thing next morning we did was leave and look for a different hotel. I will never stay at this hotel again.
I recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel, and it was one of the absolute worse travel experiences that I ever had. One of the main reasons why I had originally booked my stay at the Fairmont was because the property offered special, "pure" rooms and suites that are supposed to be hypoallergenic. Because I suffer from extreme allergies -- and I really hate the thought of a less-than-pristine hotel room -- I was happy to pay extra for a room that was supposed to be specially designed for guests with environmental sensitivities. I'll tell you this right now -- save your money. When I got to my room, I immediately detected the distinct smells of cigarette smoke and mold. To add to the gross factor, I took a look around and noticed dust on the lamps and light fixtures as well as dirt on the carpet. The comforter on the bed looked messy as well -- as if someone had recently used the bed and then hastily threw the comforter back over it. There was no way I was going to stay in this room, so I made my way back to the check-in desk and politely informed them of the problems with my room. The woman at the front desk told me there were no other rooms available and it was only after we practically got into a yelling match that she grudgingly started typing away at her computer. After making me wait for another twenty minutes, she finally informed me that they could put me in another room, but it would be a four hour wait. Four hours! It was absolutely ridiculous. No hotel -- much less one that constantly touts some sort of promise of superior customer service -- should ever treat any of its customers this way. I do not recommend the Fairmont nor will I ever stay there again.
The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was supposed to be our romantic get away and it turned into a nightmare! When we got there our room wasn't done! We were not offered anything to do, drink or eat in the meantime and we had to wait well over the 20 minutes that they said it would be finished. The clerk at the front desk twas texting on her cell phone! How rude! We were totally on time and the manager said that they would take care of the issue and upgrade our room but it was not done. And after waiting that long for the room, can you believe it? There was a dirty towel in the bathroom. The television didn't work, we had to wait on a repair guy to fix it. Plus, the hotel failed to mention there was a convention that was going on and the spa was under repair. I'm so mad I'm writing the owners and letting them know! This really made me mad. We haven't taken a vacation in years and I was expecting the Fairmont to be luxurious and cater to our needs. Even the concierge snickered at my boots, so what, I like to wear Doc Martens! It makes me mad even thinking about the Fairmont. At least my time in Chicago was enjoyable even though our hotel was more than lame.
On a recent stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millemmium Park Hotel I was appalled at the service I received at such a supposedly high end hotel. When I arrived I had to wait in the lobby for 15 minutes before someone came to the front desk to check me in. Apparently the desk clerk was on a personal phone call with her boyfriend and just had to know where he was going and who he was with. Finally I was given the key to my non-smoking room away from the vending area. Much to my chagrin my room was right next to the vending area and I heard other guests going back and forth to the ice machine until nearly midnight. And the room was obviously a room for smokers. The blankets on the bed and the pillows reaked of cigarette smoke. I, of course complained, but was told that was the only room available as they had booked every room for a conference but I was welcome to check out and go to another hotel. After a fitfull night's sleep I awoke to children running up and down the hallway. Their parents were no where in sight. My shower was cold and had no pressure. I was given two towels one of which had not been laundered. I could not wait to check out and informed the manager on duty of my complaints and told him I would not be recommending this hotel to anyone and would go online to write my review so anyone interested would see it. I cannot understand how such a highly rated hotel could be so far from the mark.
The Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago was the worst hotel I ever went to! I booked a non-smoking room online, and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed. After going in my room, I smelled heavy smoke smell. It was really bad. I called the front desk about the issue, and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me! There was also blood stains on my bed sheets. The carpet was also dirty. I would never book at that Hyatt again!
During my recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago, I was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff. To start off, the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms. Hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings, I had hoped to spend a quiet night in. My neighbors, however, watching what I can only imagine was a Real House Wives of New Jersey marathon on full volume, destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance. When I asked the concierge to address the issue, he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job. As I visited the gym, I found their "state-of-the-art" StayFitTM gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills, weights and yoga mats. The water in the cooler was quite warm, and the workout towels were stained and tattered. Finally, all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds.
There is a great difference between a Hyatt Regency Hotel, and a normal hotel. The thing that I did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other. I get really uncomfortable when I am in a crowded area, and people are smoking their lungs out. Even though this hotel is really glamourous, has a nice bar, a nice restaurant, great music, it is still not a good stay if you don't like people smoking beside you.
The room was very pretty, and the location is great, but the hotel is so big and they don't have the staff to take care of everything. The heating in our room was loud, making it difficult to sleep. The gym is not big enough, and the hotel parking garage is very expensive. The hotel has so many guests that the lobby was too loud to relax in. We didn't get great service at the hotel bar, and the bar ran out of bar snacks because so many people were in the bar area. Later we asked for directions to the restaurant we had dinner reservations at, and the hotel staff we asked did not know how we could get there. The next morning, the cleaning staff tried to get in while we were still in the room.
My stay at the Hyatt Regency was an experience that I'll never ever forget - not in a good way. Check-in was actually pretty easy and the clerk was pleasant. I went up to my room and looked around, all seemed ok at first. I was bushed so I flopped on the bed... ohhhhh noooooo! The bed was as hard as a military bunk from my Army days. But I was so tired that I just passed out. Of course I woke up with a back ache...great. I figured a hot soak in the tub would help my back so I plugged the tub, turned the hot water on full force, and poured in some shower gel. I put my foot in expecting some real heat - the water was barely lukewarm. I called the front desk but they were no help, the clerk just apologized. Frustrated at this point, I turned on the tv and switched on the air. I put my hand over the vent to see how cold the air was and I saw something slimy inside of the vent. It looked like a wet gray chunk of goop or something. I couldn't take anymore of this. I went down to the front desk and complained to the clerk. It seemed as though the guy was on something - he kept smiling as he apologized, no empathy as if he's used to hearing about the goop in the ac. He offered me a free night but there is no way that I'd stay at this place again - ever.
when i first checked the hotel's website and reviews i was completely sure that it would be a great hotel and i would have a great time there. but i was totally disappointed once i got there, first of all i asked for a nonsmoking room because i hate the odor , and in fact they gave me a non smoking room which smelled worse than a smoking one, it was smelly in a bad way it smelled like sweat and dirty laundry or something like that. then when i was trying to enjoy the view, they windows were all dusty and dirty. so i decided to get out of the room , and i went to the pool and it wasnt what i expected either it has nothing to do with the picture . so i went back to my room and called room service for them to complain about the smell and dirt so they gave me another room which smelled even worse!. i was about to freak out so they gave me some deodorant and it was tolerable; the bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom eww!, its all i can say about this hotel.
A friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her Birthday. The hotel at first glance was very nice and charming. But, We quickly found out that was not the case. Our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in. The bathroom was filthy, it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks!! There was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror. There were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room. We immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly, unkempt room. The women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling "was not smoke" because that is not permitted in the hotel. We were also told that room was cleaned that day. After several minutes of arguing with her and a manager, we were moved to a another room which took 2 hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time. WE had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us. The food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and WAY over priced. Our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there. All the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests. I will never stay here again and I would never recommend this hotel to any one.
Hyatt Regency Chicago seemed like a nice place to stay, but we didn't like it very much. The renovations were cheap and poorly done (our bathroom faucet was leaky and the carpet had bumps in it.) The staff was RUDE! I was trying to find a good cab service, and the guy behind the front desk made me wait for 20 minutes while he was finishing a phone call! Couldn't he have at least called someone else to help me? The "Babies Travel Lite" gave us the wrong sized diapers, so we had to go find some anyway, and with the hotel being located in the heart of the city that meant we found some unsavory characters along the way.
Stay away from the Hyatt Regency Chicago. I recently had to spend the weekend in Chicago on business, and expected this hotel to provide an experience beyond that of some seedy dive in the bad part of town, but alas, I was left disappointed. I arrived in the afternoon, my flight having been delayed, ready to rest for a few hours before starting my evening. Unfortunately, my room was not ready. It should have been ready hours earlier, but perhaps the inclement weather that had delayed my flight had also delayed the hotel staff. In any event, I was advised to wait in the bar, creatively named BIG Bar. They seemed annoyed that I wanted only water, not seeming to understand that it was not by my own choice that I spent time in their hideously noisy establishment--I wanted only to relax in my room. I waited there for over an hour before checking back in at the front desk. Was my room ready yet? 'What room?' they replied. To my astonishment, it seemed that I no longer had a reservation! How this came to pass, I do not know, and the boy behind the desk was certainly unable to enlighten me. I explained that I was simply waiting for my room to be cleaned, or furnished, or renovated, or whatever they were doing to make it ready, but my words were nothing against those of the almighty computer, who spake "Guest Not Found" or some nonsense and who had the final say in such matters. I requested the manager, who was unavailable, presumably because the staff had not yet managed to get him ready either. Finally, I admitted defeat and slunk out from the hotel, with fewer regrets than I would have imagined, to find a better place to spend the night--a park bench surrounded by pimps and thieves would have been more inviting at that point. As it was, I found another hotel, better priced, better staffed, and with rooms ready for my custom. So if you are looking an experience like no other, book a room at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. If you want a place to sleep, look elsewhere.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago basically caters to guests who want to feel like they're staying in a Nice Hotel as soon as they enter the lobby. In other words, come here for the looks, not the amenities. They make a big deal out of the fact that their bedsheets undergo a special de-germifying process.... you know, because a simple washing machine just isn't good enough. To me, this sort of thing appeals to folks who enjoy being picky and narcissistic because they identify these traits with being "rich"--which most of them are not. Meanwhile, the hotel doesn't even offer free wireless--an essential feature for business travelers like me. Obviously I'm not the intended consumer, though, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
I have recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel and although I have stayed there a variety of times before, for both business and pleasure, my experience this time was particularly poor. From right when I checked in to the day I left I felt like I was constantly around unfriendly people who didn't want to be at work their to do their jobs. My room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day, and when I was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways, I couldn't sleep. For my next visit to Chicago I won't be staying at the Hyatt Regency.
My wife and I went to Chicago to enjoy our weekend and stayed at Hyatt Regency. 'Hyatt Regency Chicago' has ruined our family holiday weekend. First of all, if you are not a diamond or platinum member, you need to reserve the room atleast 10-15 days in advance. You have to pay extra $20 for the welcome credit option. They will give you a credit of $75 for the 2 days. We only used $20 and the rest was forefeited. I talked to the manager and he said we can't use it on our next visit. The management of the hotel is full of cheap minded people. When you know most of the hotels let you use their wi-fi for free, Hyatt Regency management asked us to pay for using their wi-fi. Beware of this place, if you want to enjoy your weekend in Chicago, Hyatt Regency should be the last place you should consider staying. Thanks Sam.
Hyatt Regency Hotel: Good ole Downtown, Chicago. Hypo-allergenic rooms are usually intended for the well-being of even the worst cases of allergen sufferers. Well, when we got to our room, one of the first things my wife did was sneeze four times. Upon setting up the channel scanning which, the reception came in fuzzy all around, there was an interattive ethernet feature that after, lost in confusion of how to work it, provided us with our first fee! The pool was in bad shape. The maids seemed to come and go with no intercommunicative qualities.. just knock knock knock. We let em' right in as they started vacuuming. One of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling was dimmer than the others and the Gideon's Bible had crib notes. What a room! Not to mention what the hotel was like! Oh geez.
Whilst no doubt being in a good location this hotel falls short in other areas. Most notably is cleanliness, as although the lobby was very clean, the corridors of my floor as well as the room was not. Dust lined the carpeted floor for the hallways, and in the room the the bed emitted an unpleasant odor as if the sheets had not been changed in some time. The furnishings were nice and modern, but with various blemishes upon close inspection. Bathroom was relatively clean, with the exception of the shower. View was nice for this particular room, and service was relatively quick. The food in the restaurant was average but again cleanliness was an issue. This time with the glasses which were stained, the waiter promptly apologized and returned with new glasses but this is still inexcusable in what is advertised as a high class hotel. I will not make the mistake of staying here again.
My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago a couple of weeks ago and will most defiantly not go back. The customer service is horrible and it is well apparent that most of the workers did not want to be there either. When we arrived at the hotel we were told us that the room was still being cleaned and had to wait almost a hour before they gave us the key. When we got into the room the bed was not even properly made. The cafe is always crowded with people and it take two hours to get food. We ended up going home two days before we planned.
This hotel was full of drunks. The lobby was full of crowds at night and the bar was way too busy. There were people stumbling all over the hotel at all hours of the night, yelling in the hallways, making lots of noise. The staff had little to say. I wasn't aware of the noise level when I booked the room and when I threatened to make other reservations, the people in the lobby had nothing to say. We asked for a water view and got a city view. Again, the people at the front desk weren't accomodating at all. Overall, we had a horrible experience.
We decided to spend a little extra to stay at this hotel while visiting our son in Chicago. Won't make that mistake again. The rooms are smaller than they appear on the web (creative photography) and the place is dirty.We've stayed at Best Westerns that are cleaner! The air conditioner is super loud ... and the walls are paper thin. The people in the next room must have been having a party and despite three calls to the front desk between 1 and 3 a.m., Security failed to stop the ruckus. Also thought the front desk staff was rude. Usually in Hyatts, Hiltons, etc., the staff is polite and tries to be accommodating. These people weren't particularly personable ... we seemed to be an interruption of their work rather than the reason for it. The only positive about the hotel was the location -- but that doesn't make up for the negative experience. Save some money and stay somewhere else!
I expected a bit more from the Hyatt Regency Chicago I stayed at recently. I was appalled of the conditions of the room we stayed in. The linens were not clean, the toilet paper roll was nearly empty with no spare left, and there was a lock on the door that didn't function. The turndown service left me no chocolate on my pillow and I think they took a few more pieces of the already nearly empty toilet paper, again with out leaving a spare. I would not stay there again. Traveler beware!!
I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago, IL, and boy was I surprised. The hotel looks nice from the outside but the smell from the river is noxious. In fact, the smell was so bad one night that it almost made it difficult to sleep or even think of eating. As if this were not enough, the bathroom of my room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a month and their were stains on the "fresh" towels. Towards the end of my stay I saw a mouse on the ground floor and could only imagine what other critters may be lurking in the walls.
I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel, in downtown Chicago. During my three days there I experienced the worst service of my life! We made reservations before-hand and upon arrival our room was already booked. It took us nearly two hours to actually get into our room (After being given the wrong key!). When we entered the room, the sheets were stained with what seemed to be cherry kool-aid. I am going to assume that it wasn't. After a night on the town we were bummed for money by three homeless men outside the hotel. After arriving in our room and hoping for a nice hot shower, we found a note on our door with a "sorry" note explaining they didn't have any hot water. Early the next morning we were awoken by housekeeping (we had a DND sign on our door). So we decided to wake up and go out for breakfast. Comes to find out our car was broken into in their parking garage. We filed a police report and the police asked the managers for a video of the surveillance. Unfortunately for us their surveillance was out of memory to record anymore. Needless to say we left early the next day and I will never return to such a dreadful hotel ever again.
I was REALLY looking forward to a nice relaxing stay at the end of a long vacation, but unfortunately that was not to be had. From the moment we arrived at the Omni, the staff was belligerent and extremely rude. They had lost our reservation and refused to give us the rate we had booked before. If we weren't so tired, we would've gone to a different hotel right then, but hindsight is 20/20. After we FINALLY got checked in after being made to wait needlessly for 45 minutes in the lobby, we decided to go down to the pool, which was tiny and kind of dirty, so we had walked all the way down there in our suits for nothing. The internet access was really slow. I will NEVER stay here again. Save yourself the headache and book somewhere else!
During my latest business trip, both me and my wife recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in Chicago,Illinois, at one of their Deluxe suites. Unfortunately, and I think I speak for both of us, we were not fully satisfied with the hotel. The hotel advertises luxury-level accommodations, and while the rooms resemble what one can see in the pictures, the service is certainly sub-par. When one plans a stay at such an establishment, they expect a service that goes beyond having fresh towels in the bathroom when they check in. First of all, the air-conditioning in the room seemed to be in need of a new filter and when it was first turned on, the air coming out seemed musty. Second of all, the fitness center was only open until 10:30 pm. For people who like to exercise after dinner, this can certainly be a problem. Especially considering that it does not take much to have the fitness center available around the clock or until midnight. For these, as well as other similar reasons, I would not recommend this hotel, if one is looking for luxury accommodations.
Did not enjoy my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Firstly, the man at the front desk was extremely unhelpful. There was a problem with the reservation and he gave me and my family a lot of hassle. Secondly when we finally got the reservation sorted out, the air conditioning unit in our room would not go below 75 degrees. Considering I paid well over $250 per night for the Romance package reservation, it was below my standards and I will not be heading back to the Omni Chicago Hotel any time soon.
I had never been to Chicago and was looking forward to sightseeing after my business conference. My company had arranged for me to stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel located in the center of the Magnificent Mile. Once I arrived at the hotel and gave it the once over, I was pleased but not impressed. Once I put down by luggage and inquired about my reservation. I was told that my room was not ready yet and that there'd be an hour delay. I tried not to lose my temper and pleasantly asked if I could have another room. I was told there was a convention going on in the hotel and every room was filled. I would have left, but my company had a account at this hotel. If I stayed somewhere else, I'd have to pay out of pocket. The service employee behind the counter flippantly told me to take a seat and went back to talking with his gum-chewing co-worker. I picked up my luggage and plopped down in a cushy chair that wobbled. The leg in front on the left side was broken. I picked up my luggage and moved to another chair. Two hours passed by before I was given my room. When I walked into the room the first thing I smelled was cigarette smoke. I was mad because I explicitly asked for a "non-smoking" room. I was furious. I didn't feel like going back downstairs and dealing with the idiot behind the counter and I was tried from my long flight. I sighed, tipped the bellboy and slammed the door to my room. I thought maybe I could use the air conditioning to freshen the room. When I went to turn it on, it didn't work. Tired and angry, I went to sleep, thinking I'll never stay at this hotel again.
The Omni Chicago Hotel was in one word, dreadful. The hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic. The service is terrible. If you want to wait for your room for 3 and a half hours this is the place to go! Throughout a whole week, beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned. The hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit, they give no info for any activities going on in Chicago. This hotel should be listed in the top 10 WORST hotels in America. Do not waste your time nor money staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel.
After staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel, I can honestly say that I will take the time to book a room, ahead of time, on my next visit to Chicago. We were thrilled to see how beautiful the hotel was, at first because it seemed like it would be a nice place. The outside of the hotel was pristine, but our room was filthy! We requested a non-smoking room, but it had obviously been smoked in before, as you could still smell the stale smoke in the air. In fact, we were told that the entire hotel was supposed to be non-smoking, but the hallway smelled like cigarettes as well. To top it off, room service brought us the wrong item. When we checked out, we saw that they still tried to chage us for the item, even after we sent it back. I would also have to point out that Michigan Avenue is a bad spot for a hotel that claims to be so high class. Right outside of our hotel were drug dealers and prostitutes. I couldn't even go to the gas station after 8 p.m. because I was too scared to leave the hotel. The pool was closed on our first night there because of some convention that the hotel was holding, thus keeping us from using the hot tub that we were looking forward to. For the price of the room I would say this place was a definite disappointment. I have learned my lesson to check out the room before I agree to stay in it next time. This place gets 1/2 of a star from me.
After staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently, I was nothing but disappointed. This "luxury hotel" obviously spends too much money on their marketing to convince people how luxurious they are and not enough on actually making their hotel comfortable. When I arrived, my hotel room was devoid of towels, and after calling down to the front desk, it took three hours and two more calls to finally get some fresh towels delivered. On top of that, when I went to connect to the internet in my room, the wifi signal was too weak and I was forced to go out into the hall to connect with my laptop! For the exorbitant price they charged me for one night in their "superior corner suite", I could have stayed a week at a Holiday Inn, and after this stay, I wish I had.
First off, don't get a room on a lower floor, the garbage pick up makes a ton of noise and wakes you up at 6 am. Then don't bother going down for breakfast at that time either, because the restaurant isn't open that early. When it finally opened, the breakfast arrived cold and late. Nothing like congealed eggs to start your day. The fitness center had no towels and no cups for water. It was also too hot and too many people had sweated too much in it. After my congealed breakfast, it really was not pleasant. My entire three day visit was like that. I tried room service that night, but again, service was very slow and the food not warm when it arrived. My high speed internet was not so high speed when it would connect me at all. The furniture was run down and worn. Pool towels were not always available. Generally, for the price I paid, I would expect better service and a better maintained premises.
I had such a horrible experience when I stayed at Omni Chicago Hotel last Saturday night. First of all, the plasma TV in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available, and they weren't particularly apologetic about it, either. Secondly, it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel, but as an ex-smoker, I can tell that people had smoked in the room recently. Additionally, the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels, which was really disappointing, because I was looking forward to using the pool. Finally, check-out was supposed to be at noon. At 11:15 am, the maid was knocking at the door. She asked if I would be out soon, and I thought was very quite intrusive. I will never, ever stay at that place again.
Last week, I booked a 'Deluxe Suite' at the Omni Chicago Hotel for a weekend stay in Chicago. I took the 'Retreat and Relax' package deal. The wait to check in was intolerably long, because they were letting some people check in with a dog. I'm allergic to dogs, and I'm sure its fur and dander got spread all over the room they were in. They insisted on escorting me to to my room, every time I came in, like I was going to break into another guest's room or something. I swear, anytime I was out of my room they were watching me like hawks, asking me if I needed anything. You know that the only time anyone does that is when they think you're up to something. I went to the pool, but it was full of screaming children. When I went to bed, I could hear the television in the next room through my wall. And what's worse, they wouldn't even let me smoke in the privacy of my room to relieve the stress. They threatened to throw me out on the street, after I gave them hundreds of my hard earned dollars! I had to go outside-- probably where the dog went to piddle-- to do it. Also, their on-site restaurant is too expensive, given that you're already paying an arm and a leg for the room. The food should be free! I wouldn't stay here again, it was a waste of my money.
When my boyfriend and I checked into our room at the Omni Chicago, we were irritated to see that the bed looked rumpled, as if kids had been jumping on it. That was just the first of our "issues". The glasses in the bathroom had lipstick smears on them, and I saw a (dead-thank goodness!) roach behind the toilet. We were given the hotel night stay by a friend, so we decided to just deal with it. We ordered some munchies from the kitchen, and the chips were stale, and the dip smelled sour. After coming back from the convenience store with beer and some fresh munchies, we were able to enjoy our stay--but I would not recommend this place to anyone!
Recently staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel, was a waste of money. The rooms are typical standard rooms,(unless you want to pay an unreasonable amount for one of the premier rooms), the service from the staff was nothing to rave about unless, your ideal, idea of service is waiting in the lobby for 40 minutes waiting for anybody to help you carry your heavy luggage up to your room. Sorry to say in short I think my money would have been better spent staying at a HoJo's.
I recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel and it was awful. When I arrived my room was not ready. Two hours later when it was finally cleaned, I entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that I had requested for my son. I asked for it again, but they never brought it. My mattress was uncomfortable, and I did not like sharing it with my son. The AC did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room. The next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving, and it too was bad. There was cereal, low quality yogurt, and burnt flavorless muffins. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
I have no idea why this is considered a four star hotel. The Omni Chicago's age shows, and not in a "great ambiance" way! The rooms are dingy and just plain worn looking. I say rooms because we had to switch our original room as there was a terrible musty odor, almost like mildew, that permeated the first room we were given. Seriously, it brought tears to my eyes! The staff seemed rather indifferent to our dilemma, but finally agreed to switch us to another room. The new one didn't smell, but was clearly past its prime. Housekeeping was almost nonexistent. We had to call them back both days of our trip to empty the trash and for towels. How can you forget to leave towels for the guests? I'm not one to complain, but for the kind of money we spent for a weekend here, we were expecting at least a little luxury and special treatment. We received neither and will not be returning to the Omni Chicago.
The Omni Chicago Hotel is not pretty as they advertise it. First of all, it really difficult to get there because its located in down town Chicago and they fail to mention that the traffic is a nightmare. If you finally make to the hotel you have to wait like 30 minutes for the front desk to take care of you. When I arrived there was one person at the desk and a few people checking in, and I thought the wait time was ridiculous. To make matters worse, I need internet connection and the day I was there they had technical problems and the Internet was not working in my room. Two hours later they managed it get to work, the connection was still very slow. For my part, the hotel might look nice but services is did not meet my expectations. I was disappointed and will never stay there again, if I go back to Chicago. If was rating it, I would give it 1/2 star out of 5.
Me and my wife stayed at the Omni hotel in Chicago for a customer training at a nearby hospital. We ended up only staying for 2 nights and the service was awful here. At first once coming into the room, there was a mildewy smell in the air, which we were fortunate enough to bring a potpourri spray with us just incase. The continental breakfast each morning was terrible as well. The eggs were runny and the coffee was not hot at all. To make matters even worse, the room service attendant did not get to our rooms until the middle of the afternoon, when my wife was back from exploring the city. This was simply unacceptable by any standard.
Don't stay here! My family and I stayed here for a weekend trip. The staff were rude and acted like we were bothering them. The rooms looked nice in photographs but when we got there our room looked like it hadn't been dusted in ages. Overall bad service and not worth the money.
I will never stay here again. I was lured in by the hotel's pictures showing a fabulous suite. Instead I arrived to find cheap furniture that smelled of old cheese. I called the front desk to see if there was another room available. I was put on hold for five minutes and no one came back on the line. I ended up going to the front desk myself. I was ignored and not given assistance until I interrupted the front desk clerk who seemed to be on a personal call. The clerk apologize but then looked at me with an attitude when I requested another room because mine smelled like old cheese. I was informed that there were no other rooms available but that they would send up housekeeping. Housekeeping sprayed some Febreeze on the couch and then left. I tried to relax by turning on the TV in the bedroom. I sat on the bed and saw something scurry under the pillow. I checked the corner of the mattress and found bedbugs. I packed up my bags and left after that. I did get a refund on the room after some complaining. I went across town to the Marriott where I had a much better stay.
I would never stay here again. For a hotel that calls itself a four-diamond hotel, it cannot even provide the most basic amenities and services. I would have been more comfortable staying in a run-down motel. The bathroom had not been cleaned properly and the sheets were stained.
I was extremely disappointed with my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. It was a hot summer day and I turned on the shower and only drips of hot water came out. I called to complain and they assured me that someone would be in my room to fix the shower or show me how to use it. I felt the person I spoke to was rude to me. They were not accepting responsibility, but talking down to me as if I was stupid. After waiting 30 minutes a bell hop came up to show me how to use the shower. This was not a service person. He could not get the shower to work either and apologized for the problem I was having. He expected a tip and complained when I did not give him one. Nobody came up after that. I was told I could switch to a different room, so I had to pack up my belongings and move to another floor. The shower did work in this other room, but I didn't have the view of the city that I had in the first room. I was looking at a brick wall. Plus there was a party in the next room that was so loud it kept me up all night. I complained and the hotel staff told me they were VIPs and could not do anything about the noise. This hotel was overpriced and my stay was miserable. Do not go to the Omni Hotel. I've stayed in $50 a night motels with better service.
