After recent week stay at the Affinia Hotels, I can definitely say i will be coming back. They offer so many in room amenities and services, Just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be. My most enjoyable experience at the Affinia Hotel was the amazing customization they offered, I would recommend Affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay .
Although much too overpriced in my opinion, the hotel is spotless. The staff was very courteous. And the spa service ? Was a God send ! In a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so I didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! LOVE IT ! Going back for my anniversary
The Affinia hotel in Chicago was superb. the room service was exemplary and the food, I don't even know were to start. The chef obviously knew what he was doing, I especially loved the seafood, my personal favorite was the shrimp. Aside from this, I loved how beautiful the hotel was. It is definetly a bargain for the price, for that price you would probably get a good 3 star hotel but, I felt as if i was in a $10,000 a night 5 star hotel in the Europe. great bang for your buck. Would recommend it to anybody looking to relax at a great hotel with great amenities in a great city. My friends actually went their a while back because of me. They loved it! I know you will too.
THIS HOTEL IS FANTASTIC. I stayed there on my way through Chicago towards Arizona, and could not believe the great quality of the hotel. I'd have thought I was in a Vegas suite. Really polite staff, great housekeeping, and amazing prices. On my way out, I was telling the manager about how much I'd loved the hotel, and he even offered me an extra night there! You can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly 24 hours.
The Affinia Chicago is a wonderful place to stay, my husband and I stayed there for a week to visit some family and had an amazing time. The rooms were very well organized and comfortable, the staff there are very friendly, and the food there is more then amazing. we are defiantly going back next year.
The magnificent mile in Chicago is a great place to visit, and staying at the Affinia Chicago just made it that much better! The location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away, and getting to Navy Pier was a cinch! And the accommodations themselves were wonderful! The hotel lets you completely customize your stay, all the way down to choosing your own pillow! Very impressed overall!
My stay at the Affinia last weekend was ideal and I can't wait to return. I was in town for a brief personal trip and wanted to have a clean, lovely room near the shopping downtown. Affinia fit the bill. The location was perfect, just one block from the magnificent mile. The decor was modern and sleek, and my room was impeccably clean. They even have a pillow menu! The price was pretty reasonable, too. I'll definitely be back.
We recently completed our first visit to Chicago and were pleasantly surprised by the Affinia Chicago hotel where we stayed. The hotel has gone to great lengths to offer extra services to their guests, including individual pillow choices, complimentary kits with items designed to enhance the city visit,and fine dining in two on-site restaurants, one of them roof-top with amazing city views. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
We stayed for two nights for a meeting. It is an upscale chain hotel and was very clean. The service was very good, as the hotel front desk employees were kind and knowledgeable. The rooms are decent sized and have soft mattresses. The restaurant has good seafood, but was a bit expensive. We would come back again. 
I just came back from this awesome, terrific hotel last week, and I have to say-- I loved it! My wife and I were there for a week due to a business meeting, and right when I stepped into the hotel, I knew that this business vacation will be well spent. The customer service was very great, and an employee even guided us toward our room! We were introduced to a fantastically lit room with 2 beds, a flat screen TV, and even free internet access. My wife loved it, and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap. When I headed down to the lobby for my conference, I got lost, and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held. He leaded me to the door, and I was very impressed. There is a fitness center which I went everyday, and this great restaurant called C-House situated nicely next to the hotel lobby, where I had a nice steak and my wife a salad. All in all, I thought that the trip was really worth it, and my stay was very welcoming at the Affinia Chicago. I highly recommend that whenever you visit Chicago you should stay there, you will not regret it. 
I first walk into the beautifully decorated lobby of the Affinia Chicago hotel where I'm greeted by name by the concierge. He tells me that they have taken the liberty of customizing the room to my profile from when I booked the stay. He shows me to my room (paying careful attention to my bags, and ensuring that I needn't lift a finger) sure enough, the down pillow I had selcted from the dream pillow menu sits proudly atop the queen of the domain, which by the way is covered with the softest of bedspreads making me wonder if they didn't literally drag a cloud in here and fit it on my bed. I notice that there's a display of champagne and cupcakes (!) atop the dresser and my "experience kit" which comes complete with an ipod shuffle downloaded with only my favorite workout tracks, and a yoga mat. namaste. Unable to resist the urge to inspect the bathroom, I find that not only is there a marble tiled invisible glass shower, but a jacuzzi, lined with candles of vanilla, deep enough to bathe a walrus. Feeling girlish, I run the water and test before going to dinner. The Hotel's restraunt C-house offers the most delicious seafood menu that makes you think you're dining with the kings of paradise. or at least eating in the Caribbean itself. hmm, I should have brought a date.
The Affinia Manhattan is fantastic! My husband and I stayed there when we went to visit my sister. I loved the room. It was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in. The view was incredible. Manhattan is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been. The staff was very helpful as well. They had no problem going out of their way to be helpful. I would suggest this hotel to anybody!
We just got back from a trip to Chicago for my 30th birthday and we could not have been more impressed by this hotel! Service was excellent, especially the maid service. Our room was so clean and fresh towels brought in daily. The front desk staff was some of the most professional and friendly staff I have ever dealt with while travling. The location is excellent as it is within walking distance of the best restaurants and stores. I highly recommend Affinia for a the perfect family vacation.
I was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel. Its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin , granted i had a personal guide a.k.a. my cousin Janice. The amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality. Would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults. The room and view were spectacular, the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate.
We had the pleasure of enjoying a stay at the Affinia Chicago Hotel. We found it conveniently located on E. Superior Street, near many local attractions. The rooms were modern chic with a very urban feel. The pillow menu was awesome, my partner and I have such different preferences, the choices made it easier to sleep like we were at home. The hotel room layout was comfortable and spacious with all the right touches to make our stay perfect! I couldn't believe the amenities available to guests. My Beagle, Betsy enjoyed her stay at the "Jet Set Pet" care center. She was pampered as much as I was. It was such a comfort knowing we could bring her along and that we could enjoy our stay without the stress and concern that comes along with traveling and pet ownership! Another feature I personally enjoyed was the Walking Tour Kit. It included an iPod Shuffle pre-loaded with a workout playlist, a deck of cards; guidebook that included walking tours, and comfort items like a towel and map! I felt like I was the most important guest (surely, everyone felt that way as they checked in to their rooms). Highly recommend to anyone who has the opportunity to travel in the area of an Affinia Hotel!!
My husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay for our 10th wedding anniversary. We had booked an Executive Guest room, upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful Junior Suite. This was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend. The front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed. The Chicago Affinia was just a gorgeous hotel, friendly staff, lovely food and great atmosphere. Not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic. Also we were allowed to bring out beloved Shi-Tzu and he experienced the Jet Set Pets stay. The grooming was perfect, the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with. This was a beautiful weekend, thank you Affinia Hotels! We would visit this hotel again! 
The Affinia Hotel is beautiful! It's in a great location, the service is top-notch, and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious. The look of the hotel is very modern, but it feels warm and cozy, too. The restaurant is amazing! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back! If you're planning a trip to Chicago, check this place out!
There were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the Magnificant Mile. The rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail. The quality of service was excellent, the staff professional, and the location was perfect. There are great views of Chicago from many of the rooms. The staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment I was greeted upon arrival to the moment I got in my taxi to leave. There is a nice rooftop bar/restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city. There really weren't any negatives and I would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago area.
Friendly staff, clean building and rooms. The hotel was located nearby everything we were interested in seeing. Staff was willing to help give directions and very knowledgable of city. Rooms were beautifully designed and well lit, spacious and comfortable. 
I took my family to the Affinia Chicago for a short vacation last summer and it was fabulous. My kids say that their favorite part was the pool and the fact that the amusement park is really close by. My wife was really stoked with Spaffina. The pampering and really made her feel special. And they are very attentive to pets also. My dog we left home but he would have been stoked with the pets amenities and attention.The hotel is also connected to a ton of other hotels, so their Stash award lets you earn points at a lot of other hotels also. My favorite part of all was that my family was happy and content, which left me free to go over to Underground Wonderbar for a nice cocktail.
I got married in the Chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel. They had nothing but nice things to say about it! My husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs. The rooms are decorated so nicely and they don't have that funny hotel smell. The Pump Room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports. If I'm ever in the area again I will be sure to book a room at the Ambassador East Hotel!
My stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was a pleasant one. I loved being able to take a quick stroll to Michigan Ave for some shopping. I also loved the Pump Room. What a fun place to hang out and enjoy a Blood Mary. The front desk staff was wonderful with my check in since my reservation was lost. They found me a room immediately even though the city was book up. I thought the rooms were clean and well maintained. The shampoo was great and I decided to take it home with me. I am looking forward to another stay at the Ambassador EAst in the spring when I return to Chicago. 
For a short time during vacation I had rented a room from The Ambassador East Hotel, I have to say I was quite impressed with what I experienced and would referre others looking to stay in a hotel to that given location. The hotel is comfortable and spacey with nice staff who are always polite to aid you whenever it is needed, and trust me I am not the nicest person in the world so this says a lot. The food is good, location is great, everything is easily accessible and all the given luxuries of a hotel are well kept here.
The Ambassador East Hotel Hello my current visit to the Ambassador East Hotel. I really enjoy my 3 day weekend stay at this Hotel. This was my first time at the hotel and I reserved a king size suite. Inside my room there was nice view of Chicago's Gold Coast. I really needed to get some work done for my business trip and this room was perfect for the situation. I could easily relax on my king size bed. I watch HBO on a enormous size flat screen TV for free. Also when I did do my work there was nice wooden desk in my room with a desk lamp and wifi modem. It so nice to have my laptop with me and able to use it on a good workstation in my room. After finishing my work I have time to check the complimentary fitness room. Lastly I left the next day, I had one of the finest breakfast dishes from their Pump Room restaurant. Overall the Ambassador East Hotel is a 5 out 5 hotel and really worth the stay. 
My husband and I came to the Ambassador East Hotel for my sister's wedding. The hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over 200 guests. When we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were, helping us check and get our guests situated. They were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest's rooms. Our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed, with a view of the city. We held the rehearsal dinner/groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall. After my sister was married in a church downtown, we held the reception in the large banquet hall. Again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner, the DJ and all of the wedding's decorations. We had a great time. Ambassador East Hotel is highly recommended!
Wow! Loved the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago! It was so close to all the great sights of Chicago like Navy Pier, Lake Michigan, and all the fabulous dining. The hotel was very classy and the rooms were furnished in a traditional, but cozy manner. The entire family loved it, even the dog...because they are also pet friendly at the Ambassador East Hotel! We loved the restaurant there, the Pump Room was great, something to please even the pickiest of our eaters. We were there on a family get-away, but asked to see a larger "suite". The suites were gorgeous. I can't wait to tell our friends about this place! Our next business trip to Chicago, we are booking at this hotel. They have the perfect conference rooms and we LOVE the service! We are definitely coming back!
The Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the Windy City. My fiancee and I enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best I've ever dealt with when traveling, and valet parking is always a perk! The rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable! There was cable TV, of course, and HBO was included, so there was always something to watch. Wireless internet signal was excellent and I had no trouble getting online. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay, and the food was fantastic! Great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay, but this one was worth going back to! Overall, it was an incredible stay, and we hope to stay at the Ambassador East again next time we're in Chicago! 
I have to thank the Ambassador East Hotel for providing a really great experience for my family. We never leave our dog at home when we travel, and it's been a long time since we've been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets. The staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques. My husband liked the fitness room. It was nice and clean, with plenty of extra towels available. It was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water, but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves. We will definitely be staying here next time we visit Chicago. We would make the trip just to stay here. That's how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel.
Upon arrival at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed with the courtesy and attentiveness of the staff. From the moment we checked-in until we left; the staff, from the front desk to roomkeeping were extememly pleasant and accomodating. Since we had our two daughters with us, we booked the traditional double room. The room was very nice with comfortable beds and a great view too. It had plenty of room for the four of us--or should I say five of us. The girls did not want to leave home without ChiChi, our teacup Chihuahua. Fortunately, the Amabassador East allows small pets (with a pet waiver). That made everybody happy! The location is great as well. Conviently located. Easy to get to from Lakeshore Drive. Close to the museums. I'm looking forward to my next visit to Chicago. I'll be staying here again!
This was the best choice my husband and I could have chosen to visit! The Hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water! I was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym. Everything was so clean and invoting. Especially The Pump Room; there was so much history in one rooom. Overall, we had a great, relaxing vacation away from the kids. I would definitely return to the Ambassador next time we're in the area!
From the moment I stepped into the Ambassador East Hotel, I was very much impressed!! The entire staff was extremely helpful and very pleasant. The bell staff escorted my husband and I right up to our suite. Our suite was beyond belief. The atmosphere was very classy and romantic. My husband previously arranged for a bottle of champagne to be waiting in our room when we arrived. We had traveled to Chicago, from New York, for a romantic weekend get away. We had dinner that night at the hotel restaurant, The Pump House, and were very pleased. Dinner started with soup and a salad, main course meal and dessert, all for a reasonable price. We did a little local shopping the next day, after a very well rested night in their wonderfully comfortable king sized beds. Every interaction with the staff was a postitive experience. We enjoyed our weekend get away and would most definitely return to the Ambassador East Hotel the next time that we are in Chicago, Illinois. 5 stars....
amazing and beautiful! i stayed two nights here and the room was immaculate. All of the staff were extremely nice and welcoming. The food was delicious and fixed to perfection. The entire hotel was clean, warm and inviting. Will definitely stay here again and recommend to any of my friends traveling to the area.
How should I start? Well, after staying at the Ambassador East Hotel, i realized it was my favorite hotel ever. The rooms are amazing. The food is great. The Pump room bar is awesome. I love this hotel. If your ever in Chicago, the Ambassador East Hotel is the place to go.
If you're looking for an elegant hotel in downtown Chicago, you have to stay here. The Ambassador East Hotel has very comfortable and beautiful large rooms and is like a home away from home. The perfect place for a business person, and if you have a small pet you can bring them too! I would give this place four stars and would definitely stay here again.
The Ambassador East Hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied. Upon my entrance at the Ambassador East, I was greeted warmly. The staff was incredibly pleasant, and the accommodations were top-knotch. The food served at the award-winning "Pump Room" was to die for, and the service was fast but friendly. 
O.M.G best hotel ever ! i've stayed at various hotels in the area and the service has been really suckish. evan at one hotel i stayed at they had a molded sandwhich under the bed , how gross and i could of really got sick ! but this hotel was the perfect location right by the beach and by all the clubs . ohh . and the pump room , the best food i've evr had at a hotel . i evan got to take a picture with Queen Anne ! i will never regret coming to this hotel! i loved this hotel so much me and my bridemaid's stayed here . and it's just walking distance from all the popular food places and clubs . ( all the places to be at least )
I am writing about my recent stay at the Ambassador East Hotel. I just wanted to let you know what a wonderful team you have working there. Everyone from check-in to check-out couldn't have been more helpful or personable. It made my mundane business trip a very pleasureable one. The hotel is spotless, very comfortable and the restaurant is one of Chicago's finest. You really offer the finest quality in both product and service. The only complaint I have is that internet access is not free. I would just like to mention one person in particular- Sofie. She worked on the front desk and she went above and beyond to make my stay as smooth as possible. She even helped me out with taxi services and local recommendations. I shall look forward to returning next month. Thank you. Yours, P. Grady 
I enjoyed my stay at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago. The staff was friendly and helpful from the time I checked in all the way through checkout. The hotel was very clean and well maintained. The beds were very comfortable! The hotel restaurant/lounge was very cozy and a nice way to unwind after a long day. The only thing I was unhappy about was the fact that internet service is not complimentary at this hotel. I reccomend this hotel and I will stay there again on my next trip to Chicago!
The Ambassador East Hotel, located in downtown Chicago, is one of the BEST hotels I've ever stayed in. My wife and I went into the city on a weekend getaway and found the Ambassador East on a hotel booking website. Their rates are very, very reasonable for the high class and luxury that they provide. I was pleased to know that they allow pets as we decided to go into the city last minute and couldn't find anyone to watch our dog for the weekend. I was more than pleased with the friendly staff and felt like their hotel put an extra emphasis on knowing their customer, which is nice because most places in Chicago are very impersonal. All in all i was very pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in the downtown area. 5/5 Stars. 
The stunning bay at Chicago finds its equal in the Ambassador East Hotel. This hotel feels like luxury was built into everything, down to the wonderful room service and conference rooms. Besides being in an active neighborhood in Chicago, the Ambassador East is close enough to the action and beautiful sights Chicago has to offer. The overall service of the hotel was wonderful. I felt like I was treated as a king. The room was very neat, regal, and relaxing. I especially liked the bathroom as it was clean and soothing. The Pump Room was also a great place for excellent dining. My stay here was completely enjoyable while maintaining a high level of productivity. Overall, the stay here was fantastic and worth every penny. I would return to the Ambassador East Hotel in a heartbeat if given the opportunity.
When I planned my summer vacation, I was wanting to travel somewhere new. Chicago was on my mind because of the fast city life. I got in a flight to Chicago and arrived at the Hard Rock Hotel. It was grand and I spent a total of 4 days and nights there. The luxury was exotic and the location was right around the corner from most shopping and dining venues. The room service had me drooling because the food was so delicious, I could hardly picture not feeling satisfied. I met up with a few of my friends and they offered me a tour around town. I enjoyed the stay there and will come back sooner than later. 
When I first booked my reservation at this hotel, honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I mean, I'm kind of a music person, but this was my first real experience with a musically "themed" hotel. Upon staying here, however, I am convinced that I made the right choice in my stay. The dining accommodations were excellent, and I was served probably some of the best food I've ever eaten at a hotel. It was intelligently placed in downtown Chicago, and I wouldn't have to walk too far to see some street performers, or just take in the majesty of the city itself. The room I had booked had an excellent view of the skyline, and I could've easily sat for hours, just marveling at the city sprawled out before me. The whole "Hard Rock" and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay. If I had to stay here again, I would! 
The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago has it all: location, comfort, and rockability! We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently and found it to be amazing! The location was perfect as it is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, and Lake Michigan. It was just a short ride by bus or cab to the sports stadiums, Shedd Aquarium or the Museum of Science and Industry! The food, although it was pricey, was great! There is a spa on site if you need a little time to relax and recoup after all that rockin', and if you have pets, they get the ROYAL treatment, complete with gifts! I would highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel of Chicago! 
Hard Rock Hotel is a must to visit. No matter what city your in Hard Rock Hotel is the place to stay. Filled with fun and unique traits to the rooms and dining. This Hotel is the place to be. Great views in every location, especially Chicago. The service is incredible along with the food and decor. The Hotel staff will help you feel right at home, no BETTER than home :)
I was looking for an unique, hip experience in a hotel that offered the convenient location of downtown Chicago. My choice for hotel was obvious: Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. If you are wondering whether Hard Rock Hotels are schmaltzy or cliche, they are not. Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is modern, trendy and hip. It had an air that this was where musicians came to rock among the 40 stories, and there are details that you won't find elsewhere. For example, one interesting perk is some free iTunes downloads (I got ten) for guests. It's a fun place, hosting events such as Jack Daniel's 160th birthday.
-Review of the Hard Rock Hotel- I find that the Hard Rock Hotel, located in Chicago, has extrodinary scenary. The hotel is extremely clean with shining furniture and the rooms are breathtaking. Hungry? Visit this hotel for yourself to see what excellence they provide at the dinner tables. The hotel also host events such as ballet, fun in the bar and a dj to name a few. This hotel is definitely worth your while. I will most definitely visit again. Book your reservation as soon as possible and don't forget your camera!
I traveled to Chicago recently with my giant German Shepard dog Rex and picked the Hard Rock Hotel for the perfect location and because a close friend had warmly recommended their pet friendliness. The service truly is incredible. They even had a web-cam so I could check in on Rex while I was out for dinner in the evening and a friendly staff member took him for a walk when I could not make it home from a meeting the day after. The rooms really rock (pardon the pun). Nothing like the cheap plastic laminated stained carpet decor so common in other places that allow pets. The easy chair looked so good that I was almost afraid Rex would snack on it while I was out, but he seemed to like the guitar chew-toy that came with the pet package better. I would definitely recommend the Hard Rock Hotel to my friends - whether they travel with or without pets. 
While making the obligatory trip to the Chicago area to visit family, we decided to make it fun for the teenage members of our group and reserved a couple of rooms at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. What a great decision! The rooms are very upscale at a reasonable price with great amenities. And, according the younger members of the family, "very cool"! We can't wait to come back.
Set up an important meeting for some clients at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago. They were flying to Chicago for a special trip to checkout the music scene and to discuss business with my company. Naturally, they wanted to stay here. The client really seemed to like their rooms, but felt the Paul Reed Smith room was too cramped for our day-long meeting (330 sq ft.). In a panic, I contacted the HRH staff and they actually had another, bigger, room available. We quickly moved our meeting in the Birdland room for the rest of the day and the meeting was a rousing success. (Birdland room is 660 sq ft.) We have a new client and so does HRH. This is where the client wants to stay every time they fly in for future business meetings with us.
I have to say that the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago is a cool place to stay. When I first got there, getting checked in was very fast. The lady at the counter was nice and well spoken. The bellhop had out bags into the room very fast. The room was very hip and cool. There was musical items all over the place. I really loved the Beatles art that was in my bathroom. After being in the room a few minutes, I got a call from the front desk asking me if I liked my room. They also asked me if I would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if I needed to use their business room. I needed some things shipped while I was there, which they had supplies to help me with that. After getting some work done, I called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around. They gave me information for 3 awesome places. I left and came back after having a night out on the town. They were very understanding that I was a wee bit out of it. I had more than pizza that night if you get my drift. When I got back to my room, the bed was so comfortable. I feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep. In the morning I order breakfast, which was really a Philly cheese steak. They will make anything you want anytime of day. I checked out by 9am with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed. Thank You Hard Rock, You Rock!
My husband and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago and we can't wait to go back! The hotel is located in downtown Chicago and seems to be at the heart of the city, we were close to everything. The Hard Rock Hotel is forty stories high and the view from our room was simply breathtaking. The room itself was spotless and featured modern luxurious decor and furnishings. The bed was heavenly. The hotel staff was friendly, upbeat and extremely helpful, we asked for directions and restaurant recommendations and they were spot on with both. I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. 
 The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels. The hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone. The hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers, dancers,actors etc. The staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated, as were the common areas and hallways. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area.
Upon arriving to the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, I was immediately impressed. The staff was friendly and checked us in quickly, which is important to me after a long trip. Our room was immaculate and decorated in a clean modern style. The bed was very comfortable, including the linens which felt high quality, unlike what you get at some other hotels. All this made for a great night sleep. Perhaps the most impressive part of our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel was their "Party like a Rottweiler" package we added to our reservation. For an additional fee we were able to bring our pet and were provided with treats, toys and best of all the pet cam! We left our dog in the room with a pet cam and were able to watch him throughout the day on my iPhone! All in all this was a great place to stay and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants to travel with their pet.
This fantastic hotel has it all: luxury, an excellent location and a fun atmosphere. The rooms are spacious and well decorated, and the staff is always helpful and courteous. Whether you're traveling for business or fun, I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago. I stayed there with my wife recently, we were on a short weekend break and we wanted to enjoy the music an just have fun. The Hard Rock certainly delivered what we were looking for. The hotel is in a central location, within easy reach of the main tourist spots in the city, however, there's superb food on site and the best entertainment you could wish for, so there's barely a need to leave to hotel! (well, we DID leave the hotel to see the sights, but you know what I mean). My wife and I particularly enjoyed the gym and spa facilities, including a relaxing massage. This hotel surpassed our expectations in every possible way, and we'll surely be staying there again the next time we visit the Windy City. 
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago while in town for business, and enjoyed my stay very much. I stayed in a room with a king bed, which was very comfortable. The room had all the things I needed for my stay, which was nice. The only thing is I think there was a party on my floor, but they quieted down quickly enough. My room even had an internet connection! I also had dinner one night at the China Grill, and it was an amazing meal! Overall, I had a great stay, and will return next time I am in Chicago.
My husband and I recently stayed at your Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, and what a fantastic experience it was. We stayed in one of the 'Extreme Suites' and let me tell you it was beautiful. The furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for. The staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some. I especially loved the spa. We stayed for a week but I could have stayed a lot longer. It was very comfortable and welcoming. We will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in Chicago. Thanks so much!
I loved staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago, not only is it an amazingly friendly atmosphere, but they give me the option to bring my pet with me. They are a dog friendly hotel, it costs $55.00 a night for the dog to stay with you, but that beats the costs of paying a kennel to keep or your dog or a neighbor to watch them for you. I loved this option. They also give your animals a gift bag filled with treats, food, bowls and doggy clean up bags. I higly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for a place to bring your four-legged friend with you when you travel. 
Staying at the Hard Rock Hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling. I stayed at this one the last time I visited Chicago and it was just wonderful. The rooms are amazing and the one I stayed in had a great view of the city. The beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat, the Wi-Fi was really fast and always available and I liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones. I didn't have the chance to use the spa, but I could tell it was really nice and relaxing. I did go to the Base Bar a couple times for a drink, very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from. The Rock shop was pretty cool too and I bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends. Overall I think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in, the experience is definitely different than any other hotel I've stayed in.
After searching for the perfect hotel for my Chicago getaway I knew once I came across the Hard Rock Hotel, that this was the hotel for me. After seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered, I booked my reservations right away. When I arrived at the hotel I was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept. I was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes. I was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants. I took the elevator up to my room, and when I opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the Chicago skyline was impeccable. After relaxing I went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast, courteous service I received. After my cocktail hour, I decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven. I had one of the best nights of sleep I have had in a long time. I highly recommend the Hard Rock as I have stayed at many around the US and this is definitely on my top 5 list. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did, and I can't wait to return. Ashley B.
the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic,i will rate them a 6 out of 5. they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful.
I recently stayed in the Talbott Hotel in Chicago with my family of three. I absolutely loved it and will definitely return! The customer service of the staff at the front desk was fantastic. They were very helpful in helping us decide on what activities to do and what restaurants to visit during our stay. For the nights we didn't want to go out, we had room service. The food from the Hotel restaurant was so delicious and the service was very quick. I also loved their commitment to the environment. It is clear to me why they have won so many awards. Thank you Talbott for a wonderful stay!
"Classy","Decent" and "Serene". these words clearly define the totality of my stay at the talbott hotel in the heart of chicago. the hustle and bustle of the city did little to affect the conducive atmosphere for relaxation provided by this posh hotel. the lounge was so welcoming and flashes of smiles from every angle.the staff from the bell-boy to the managers were polite, helpful and responsive to my needs. the room service was classy and to cap it all the beds were just as comfortable as back home, making the talbott a home away from home. my wife and i enjoyed the t-rex experience and learnt a lot about the city of chicago and what it has got to offer. believe me we will return with the kids because the talbott is family oriented and friendly to kids. it felt very safe. anytime we are in chicago the talbott is gonna be our home away from home!
The Talbott Hotel is fantastic! I stayed there on business and found that it met my every need. The high speed internet access worked flawlessly; allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room. I really like to exercise before a day of meetings; access to the fitness club next door was very convenient. Last point: I work for a green consulting firm out of L.A. and the hotel's environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission. Guilt free luxury!
This hotel was everything we were looking for. My mom and I were on a girls weekend out shopping trip and just needed a place to stay after a long day out. The Talbott Hotel was incredible. The rooms were very clean and spacious and had everything we needed. The hotel check in was easy and the guest services folks were awesome! They even gave us tips on great restaurants in the area. Highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to chicago!
My husband and I decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the Talbott Hotel in Chicago. We decided to book the "Personally Yours Romance Package" for our stay. When we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very friendly and approachable. The personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch. Each night, we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed. The personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and I to see a Chicago Cubs baseball game. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away.
This is the best hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago. I travel a lot, both for business and vacation. The Talbott Hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome, and elegant. Not to mention all the modern features that I'm used to having at home, are available in the room. I brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite. She didn't even want to leave the room. The concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner. 
My stay at the Talbott was a wonderful experience. The service at this upscale hotel was beyond my expectations, the Gold Coast location is close to Michigan Ave, the museums, and many of the other sites Chicago has to offer.If you are visiting Chicago, I highly recommend the Talbott!
Great Hotel! The staff is friendly, corteous, and professional. They made me feel like I was a returning guest which I was not (but I will be!). The rooms were very clean and I slept well in the comfy bed. They have a complimentary workout deal with the nearby healthclub that I took advantage of several times since it was to cold to run outside. My only issue was the battery for the TV remote died. However, a call to the front desk remedied that situation in about 2 minutes! 5 stars!!!
I really loved my stay at the Talbott. My room was amazing! The bathroom (and I am VERY picky about hotel bathrooms) had ample room for all of my stuff, which is a bonus for me. The staff treated me really well and they were very friendly. I was afraid that I'd get a little lost, since it was my first trip to Chicago, but the staff helped me navigate to the downtown area (Rush St./Michigan Ave.-- which are *very* close by). The hotel reminded me of those I'd stayed at in Europe. The room service is 24 hours, which for me, was a bonus because I am up mostly during the nights. This is the *only* place I will ever stay if I visit Chicago again. For a single woman traveling alone to a strange city, this hotel made me feel very safe and comfortable.
This hotel was an absolute dream to stay in. I couldn't have picked a better hotel to spend in such luxury. I enjoyed the set up of the rooms and the space they offered.The room decor was extremely elegant and the location was great as well. I honestly felt like I was at a spa! The price was very reasonable as well. I would definetly recommend this hotel to everyone I know. If you ever get a chance to spend a night here definetly choose the suite rooms!!!
Very luxurious and worth the money. If you are looking to relax and unwind in a great hotel then this is the one to choose. The staff was great and friendly. Dont forget the 24 hour room service which is a great treat.
I was visiting relatives in Chicago and wanted to stay in a hotel that emphasized luxury and was also environmentally friendly, and the Talbott seemed to fit the bill. I also couldn't help but notice all the positive reviews online. I figured I couldn't go wrong and I am happy to report the positive reviews are true. First of all check in was a breeze. I love their online reservation system. It was easy to use and the information presented was quick and accurate. Once I arrived in Chicago I was greeted by Tim at the door and I immediately felt like wanted and liked. The receptionist was very polite and when she heard I was visiting Chicago for the first time, she upgraded my Deluxe King to an Executive King. Score! The room was just as advertised, luxurious and convenient. It was also exceptionally clean and this is very important to me because I am paranoid of germs and bed bugs. Most importantly though, I got a good night's sleeep because the bed and pillows were super soft, but firm enough to help support my back. I also used the Equinox Fitness Club and, wow, what a club. This is another great amenity of the Talbott and easily beats other hotels skimpy workout centers. My check-out was quick, easy, and painless. This hotel gets my highest recommendation. The facilities are immaculate and modern with the recent upgrade, the staff is ultra-friendly and competent, and the location was perfect for my needs. 
The Talbot hotel is an elegant place to take you wife or husband for a weekend getaway. The personally yours romantic package was fabulous. Upon check in we opened our room door and found a romantic atmosphere. There was rose pedals and luxurious bathrobes. We felt like it was our honey moon all over again. 
The atmosphere at the Talbott Hotel is very welcoming when you first walk in. The employees are friendly and will greet you when you first arrive. The hotel seems to be luxurious, even from the lobby, and right away, I was very excited for my stay! I stayed in a double queen room with my friend. The room is spacious enough, and beds are very comfortable. I didn't try the room service, but they do have a fitness club close by with a spa, which is very convenient. I also love how the room has individual climate controls! Very neat! Also handy that there is an iHome in the room. I'm usually stuck using just a regular alarm clock radio at other hotels. I will most likely stay in this hotel another time. It was a wonderful experience!
At first my husband and I were really excited for our family to enjoy the T-Rex Experience package. We figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too "ritzy" for us to travel with our four children. But after two nights of downtown Chicago fun we realized that The Talbott transcends it's ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed.
The rates at The Talbott Hotel were cheaper than I had expected, and that was my reason for booking a room. I had been prepared for service and a room similar to what I had experienced in the past, and I was quite pleased when I did stay. The room was neat and clean, and the halls were quiet at night. The traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either. I did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely, which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy, especially at night. Overall I had no problems with The Talbott Hotel and I would stay at this here again if I were in the area a second time.
I enjoyed my stay at the Talbott Hotel. It is on the more expensive side, but it is all worth it. I got the Talbott tradition package, which was $245 for two people and included a $30 breakfast credit on check out day. The rooms are huge! The beds are soft and comfortable. They include Aveda bath products, which is a plus in my book. They also have a nice fitness area & pool you can use while you stay there. One thing I thought was really cool is that you can forward your messages from your hotel room phone to your cell phone. My boyfriend also liked the Ihome audio system. The location of this hotel is very convenient as well, its close to several great restaurants and blocks from the coast. But, what I like best about this hotel is that they make an honest effort to not negatively impact the environment more than they need to. They were one of the first hotels to be Green Sealed. Overall I had a great stay at Talbott Hotel!
Pleasant staff and housekeeping. Above average breakfast. The rooms were clean and the staff made sure we had fresh linnens. It was bedbug free!! I would definitely stay there again.
My stay at this hotel was one of the best I have ever had! The location, service and accommodations were all outstanding!! The lobby area is beautiful as was my room. In the room there was more than enough space, which is difficult to find in Chicago hotels. My only gripe was the room was a little dark. Sure, staying at a small, upper-class hotel like the Talbott involves paying a premium but it was well worth it. The service was timely and everyone seemed friendly and informed. The room service took a bit longer than I would have liked, however, the food was good quality. Another nice touch was the gym pass provided for guests at the Equinox Fitness Center. Finally, the location is PERFECT!! It's located in a beautiful area of the city near the Gold Coast, which has many very good restaurants. A personal favorite of mine is Mario's, a nice Italian place nearby. Overall, my experience at the hotel was good and while it had some minor flaws they were, for the most part, insignificant.
excellent staff and customer service, very clean and spotless. elegant and luxurious with a beautiful ocean view. the bed is very comfortable and relaxing. i give it a five star.
