Do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room, that was supposed to be ready, with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used? what about when they left the towel for the floor (the foot towel) to dry my face? what about the slippers that, although being still in the bag, had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage (all over the room, de facto). i didn't realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her. shame on us, actually!
We choose to stay at the hotel due to the high rooftop ratings at the hotel. Not only is the rooftop terrace on the 5th floor, but it was occuppied with private corporate events for the entire duration of our stay. We did - as recommended - have a drink indoors only to be highly insulted by their bartender there. There is no breakfast buffet - you order a la carte. Keep that in mind when paying extra for breakfast and internet. Also note that the minibar is empty on arrival - we were only told on departure that we would have needed to call reception to order. We have stayed at the Omni before and it as a much better experience. I dont recommend spending so much for a mediocre hotel.
I live in Chicago and have frequent occasion to recommend hotels to friends and business acquaintances. We recently put up a candidate (and his family) we were recruiting for our company at the Conrad. We had had good luck with this hotel when it was a Le Meridien. It was a disappointment for all concerned as a Conrad. On the plus side, our guests were able to check in early with no problem and they generally liked their room. On the downside... They learned after the fact that all rooms with two beds have no bath tub (only a shower). Our guests moved to a room with a bath tub and found hairs in it, which they had to clean themselves. When the coffee bar had no caffeinated coffee and our guests asked for some, they were told it would be delivered immediately. When they called 30 minutes later the front desk admitted that they had "forgotten." While the concierge and doorman were quite helpful, our guests told us that the front desk personnel were sullen and unresponsive. Our guests were generally under whelmed by one of the "five best hotels in Chicago." Conrad has a long way to go to compete with the Four Seasons, Peninsula and Park Hyatt.
The Conrad Hilton recently took over this property from the failed Meridian Hotel. It seems that the Conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn't work. The entrance is very difficult to find. There are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby. As a result, there was often a line waiting for them. The same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area. If you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay, you will find the poor elevator layout annoying. The King room is what I would consider small compared to other Chicago hotels. Although I like modern design, the room was quite stark and cold. It was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear. The bathroom was the best part. Has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk? It was the most uncomfortable set-up I've experienced. The views are non-existent for most of the rooms. In a city with amazing vistas, this was disappointing. I saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them. Room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay. Excellent food and high quality presentation. Sorry I couldn't write a better review. Would I stay here again? No. Chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them.
Great, awesome service. Seriously, the people are amazing. That, and the nice bartender who serves after last call (at least, that's what I was told - I of course don't drink) save this place from one star. But seriously blah, small, non-luxury rooms with beds that are just really uncomfortable - and for a card rate of $725/night, even in a major city, the rooms better be awesome. I've had waaaay better rooms in NYC for $350/night. (Good thing I had a corporate rate.) And my room was not especially big, despite what the below reviews say. But here's the main problem. Even on the 10th floor, the guy blowing the whistle to summon cabs downstairs woke me up at 6, and 6:15, and 6:30, and 6:45, and 6:50, and 6:55, and...and, well, I finally got up and said screw it, let's greet the day. Maybe everyone else was already up, but somehow I doubt it. Am now safely ensconced in the Four Seasons.
We've stayed here before but this time around was a marked difference in quality and service - the staff wasn't rude, just incompetent. For example, we ordered wine glasses for the room because the hotel no longer services a mini bar in the room, which seemed like a really cheap way to go for this type of hotel. Nonetheless, the staff brought us 4 coffee mugs... The list of issues goes on unfortunately, including the low grade in-room movie options - our audio and video did not sync on our rental; we eventually had to stop watching after 20 minutes. And the room itself was not clean; the bathroom sink vent holes were black with mold. Clearly the hotel has pulled back on not only amenities, but training or sufficient staff... oh, but the price point for this hotel has stayed the same. Find a newer hotel, there are many in this great city.
I was expecting an experience comparable to my stays at the Olympia in Seattle. The decor and overall feel of the hotel was much above average but not inspiring. Biggest disappointment was the inadequate internet connection in the room. The wireless was very slow and the hard-wire from the wall did not work at all. I did request a replacement of the wall wire, but it did no help. This hotel can do better than this. With a 5 star rating, it should be an experience to be pleasantly remembered -- but, was just a mediocre experience for me. Even the bed covers were not that special. Needs more intense management. Next time, I will try the Trump facility Thanks
This hotel has a great location and nice infrastructure. The river north area is full of great restaurants and the north bridge area is great for out of towners. The decor is lovely and a nice hold-over from when this was a Le Meridian. While the Conrad aspires to be in the top tier along with the Peninsula, the Four Seasons, the Ritz and Park Hyatt, it falls short. We and dinner at the Terrace Restarant outside the other day and were initially impressed with the setting and the selection. While the prices were similar to the Peninsula, we figured that it was a nice day and worth a try. Wow, were we ever disappointed. First off, we were told that we could have a seat but only stay until 7. OK, thats fine and we sat down. The waitress made a point to ask if anything was wrong, so that she could make it right. When we indicated that our glasses of champagne were not very full ($20 per glass), she consulted with the manager and then another manager (a heavier fellow in a dark suit). She came back and said that was the standard puor and that she would be glad to bring us additional glasses. What bothers me is not the outcome, but the fact that the management is not service focused. At a Four Seasons or the Peninsula, this would never happen and if we expressed any displeasure, it would be made right. At the Conrad, the Terrace manager just ignored it.
Booked a room w/ a queen bed for 2 nights for a wonderful NYE, and was rather disappointed. Bed was either the world's smallest queen, or was actually a double, not to mention it was uncomfortably springy. Some of the things in the bathroom had been previously opened and used (q-tips). Lots of noise seemed to carry through the vents as we could hear other rooms rather clearly. When the tv was off, there was a very audible high-pitched humming noise that we could not get rid of unless we unplugged the tv. Hot water was very inconsistent in the shower. It is in a great location, however, next time I will try one of the other hotels in the area like the Intercontinental or Marriott. This might not be too bad if you are passing though quickly on business, but I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic night or two.
I stayed here 2 nights for a business conference. The food was pretty good. And they had these really good mints that I couldn't resist. The room was very comfortable and the bed was great. But I was annoyed by many issues. First, their internet went down for a couple of hour when I was there on a break from the conference. It wouldn't have been big deal except I needed to do some business while it was down. Second, the internet wasn't available in the conference rooms. I suppose the conference I attended would have had to pay extra for it. Third, The chair in the room was too low for the desk so I was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later. Fourth, on the second night my key didn't work. So I asked for a new one which also didn't work. So I asked for another one and the same thing happened. Thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so I didn't have to go back down to the lobby a third time. Then he came back a little later to tell me I was in the wrong room, which I wasn't. Finally, he came back with the right key. Fifth, the TV had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume. Sixth, they didn't have the comedy channel. Much cheaper hotels do. If this hotel didn't cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences, but I would expect more for what I paid.
The Conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding, fancy decorations, beautiful lobby, etc. However, they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail. When I checked in, I went to get a glass of wine from the minibar, only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm. I called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it. In the meantime, I said, great, but what about a cold drink? They proceeded to send me 1 glass of wine via room service, without asking me if this would be okay. I paid $25 for 1 glass of wine. The minibar bottle would've given me 2 glasses for about $33. Nothing was said to me about this obvious difference. When I called to complain, I was made to feel cheap. To me, it was not the money, it was the principle. The next morning, my bill showed that I had eaten something out of the minibar. I had not. I called, and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something (duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it), and they took the charge off. They also took $10 off my room service bill, but I was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that I was overcharged. Also, when they fixed the minibar fridge, they did not replace anything in it. The guy said, it'll take a while for things to cool down. Oh, really? How about the warm beer, that was once cold, that will now taste disgusting? I guess they're saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea. Another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work. When I plugged it in, it made 2 other lights in the bathroom go off, and then it never would come on. It seems that the Conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful, without worrying about each customer's experience. I don't think they go into the rooms and check them out. And their sta
Well, this used to be a Le Meridian Hotel, and it has changed for the worse. We kept having to remind them we booked a package, because we were being over-charged separately for everything, when it should have been included. We were supposed to have champagne in the room upon arrival, and did not. Two phone calls and three hours later, it finally showed up. We tried to have a drink in the bar, and even though we were the ONLY people there, three servers/bartenders came and went, talking to each other, not one of them acknowledging us. After ten minutes we left the hotel and went down the street for a drink. And don't bother to pay extra for "City View"; because you may get the view we had from only the sixth floor, looking across the street directly into a plain brick wall - that is all we could see. Oh yes, the valet lost his cell phone in someone's car, and called me at home today to see if we found it. He wanted me to call him back at home. Nice of the hotel to give out our personal information to the staff, huh? For the money, stay at any other hotel in Chicago with the same price-point and it will be much much better.
It's so frustrating when a hotel posts a deal prominently on its website, claiming said deal is available on certain dates. But, when you call to make a reservation based on that deal, they tell you it's not available. There are rooms available, but not the deal. Then they try to condescendingly tell you they can only sell so many rooms at such a deal. I get that. Then just SAY that on the website. "Here's a great deal . . . but only a small number of people will actually get it." So much for the great reviews about service . . . I couldn't even get past the first phone call without being frustrated and annoyed. Bad form, Conrad, bad form.
Let me first start by saying I have always been pleased with the Conrad hotels and that is why I chose the Conrad Chicago. I was very disappointed in the level of service. 3 phone calls to get maintenance to fix the bathroom sink, unpleasant experience in the Terrace resturant, front desk not aware of room eminities, and a very uncaring MOD! All the Conrad hotels I have stayed at have been 5 STAR but not this one. I have to give it 2 stars!!!:(
My husband and I were very excited to be staying at the Conrad, unfortunately, we would never stay in this hotel again. The rooms looked nice, but the closer you look there was mold in the bathroom and red stains that looked like dried blood near the sink. The room service cost was super high - costing us over $100 for 1 burger, 1 order of french toast, 2 pops and 2 desserts. In the middle of the night the pipes in our room made a very loud vibrating noise which kept us awake. We called the front desk and it took almost 40 minutes for someone to walk over to our room (we were on the 5th floor, same as the reception desk). They did nothing to fix it and the same thing continued the following night and anytime the room above us or to the right used their shower. The staff was friendly enough, but NOT helpful and they did nothing to try and make our stay better with all of the problems. There was not even a coffee pot in the room. Definitely would NOT stay here again for the price. NOT worth it!
I stayed in this hotel for a week and I was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel. I was shocked and disapointed with my stay, Here are some of my gripes - Room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - Breakfast service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed shampoo (one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full). - We also shared a bar of soap. I was so disappointed with this hotel, I paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay.
" Barely Average Hotel at Premium Price" This hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby. I have stayed in the Conrad in Dublin, Ireland and in HongKong both of which I loved. I was looking forward to staying at this hotel. I was extremely disappointed. I am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the Conrad name. Pros: Elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers Location: Located in the Heart of Chicago Disappointments - Stained and worn out carpet in hallway - Room was small - Phone and lightbulb in room were broken - Breakfast was $60 for two people, service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed soaps and shampoo, one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days, I felt like I was staying at a budget hotel. and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct. I would not stay at this hotel again, It just is not worth the premium price they charge.
I travel to chicago quite often, and have stayed at a bunch of hotels. I stayed at Conrad a couple of times. My impression was not too good. Both times the receptionist was quite cold and I didn't feel welcome at all. The room was noisy. Thin walls, and you could hear exactly what the next room is talking about. One time the tv was broken too, and a guy came in and took like an hour to fix it... Anyway, given that this is a 4.5 star hotel, it really didnt live up to my expectations. After the 1st time at this hotel, I thought I might give it a second try. After the 2nd time, I decided I am really not coming back, especially given that there are so many other hotels close by. The other attendees of our conferences were also complaining about the hotel. So I guess I am not alone in this...
I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably. The hotel will not honor room requests. I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation. I got there and my 'view' was of the adjacent office building windows. I didn't pay nearly $400 a night for that. I called down and the manager was absolutely rude. "That would've required you to pay at least $40 more.." Rude. Lots and lots of mistakes happened. Requested pillows were never sent up, the television sound was not functioning (i.e. NO sound), when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little. I've had better service at a Hampon Inn! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said "we will send them right up".. No, that never happened. Absolutely ridiculous. The bathroom has always been nice, and the room had been renovated since I was there last year (thank the lord!)... It had a nice ambiance to it. The bed was quite nice as well. The valet guys were fantastic, probably the nicest men within that entire hotel. Also the bellman, and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said "hi" or "hope you have a wonderful day".. I appreciated that. Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service. Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely. The service was abysmally inept, and not to mention slow. We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice. They looked like they hated their jobs, and treated us with the same attitude. We were never checked on after the food came. The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking. I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin (burnt), a small croissant, and a tiny cinnamon roll. 14 dollars for that. Laughable. Or if you choose, for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money. Overall, the managers need to learn what customer service means, and how to bend over backwards for a customer. Otherwise your business will crumble. And the Conrad has crumbled for me. I spent way too much money on terrible service. I've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters. I'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago.
I booked this hotel with great expectations. I had family visiting from outside the country and wanted them to have a good experience in Chicago. Upon arriving to the hotel (at the exact time I indicated in my reservation) I was told I've been "downgraded" to a lesser quality room. I travel very often and never had this before. Moreover, I did not hear a single "I'm sorry", it was like usual business. What bothered me the most was that the receptionist kept telling me "I will decrease the rate for you" "what do you think, nice eh?" like he was doing me a favor!!!! They decreased the rate to that of the rooms they gave us of course (which is the legal thing to do, since I am sure is illegal to charge me for one room and give me a lesser value one for the same money). They did not care that I wanted higher level room independent of value. I did not know what to say, since this never happened to me before, also with family present did not want to start arguing. The rooms were nice (not as nice as I thought) and location is good, however be aware that they might not honor your reservation and not even apologize for this. That is enough for me not to go back again.
If I didn't have to stay here, I wouldn't. Without exception, I swear I am not lying, every day of my stay brings a new problem. Over the past 3 months, I have stayed here 6 times for 3 nights at a time; problems every time. From the wrong food with room service, to room keys that dont work, unrefreshed bath towels, forgotten and dirty in-room coffee service, unclean ice bucket overnight, forgotten room cleaning, inability to connect to the Internet....I'm too tired to keep writing all the problems. For the price of this chi-chi downtown hotel, I expect more. Finally, their team is certainly not trained in customer service. The front desk teams have attitudes, and Aria's hostesses think they are something else. I'm stuck using this hotel since it is adjoined to Aon, but I would never go back if I had a choice. The only good thing is the food at Aria - outstanding.
Fairmont Hotels are generally my preferred choice, but this was a true disappointment. Check-in was quite slow and problematic (glitches with their reservation system locally). Room was very small and oddly arranged. Felt quite cramped in room and was hard to work at very small desk. Hotel overall felt quite cold and isolating...lobby is not at all inviting, and it didn't feel terribly safe walking around outside. Gift shop was overpriced, even for a downtown hotel. Food was disappointing. Overall this seems greatly overpriced and does not meet usual standards of A Fairmont i've come to count on. Bill was completely messed up and required 3 separate calls after i left to straighten out.
They rave about their beds but the beds were average. On surface room seemed clean, however, dropped my pen behind nightstand and discovered at least an inch of dust. It appeared there had been repairs to something where they had to cut away part of the wall. The repair job was covered up with a wallpaper board over the hole but the board did not even completely cover hole. Impossible to have a decent shower or bath. EXTREME water saving devices on both the shower and tub provided basically a trickle of water. I was unable to get the shampoo out of my hair as pressure was so poor. Also be prepared to be nickled and dimed to death. There was even a $10 charge if you used the coffeemaker in the room, really! For room service they tack on a delivery charge and a 20% gratuity. Since the waiter does not stay to serve you how is he earning a gratuity. I have already been charged for him to deliver the food. The parking fees were outrageous at $51 a night but to add insult they charge a hotel patron the same fees as the general public. Upon packing to leave we realized that the dvd set my son had brought was missing. I reported the theft to the hotel. Had to file a report with security who promised me they would investigate and get back to me within 2 days. It has now been over two weeks. No follow up, no apology even given. We will never stay at this hotel again. We have been to Chicago many times and this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed at.
Maybe it was because we booked thru priceline that we were treated like second rate guest - couldn't get a room thru Fairmont website as busy weekend with Ryder Cup.....but never have had this experience in using priceline before. The night time check in girl was rude and unhelpful. We were told no options to pay for upgrade or king bed and that we were stuck with two tiny beds and a ugly room. We had comforter with dirt in several places - and a bathroom for handicap with no counter space - had to use ironing board for toiletries. This hotel is huge and not at capacity - may have had a renovation but the good look of this hotel stops at the lobby. Hallways, rooms, carpet run down - just not what you come to expect of a fairmont. I have stayed in many all over the world and this is by far the worst. Maybe because we were on a low floor it was not updated...we paid as much as other guest and I'm a Fairmont Gold member. Positives - great location, daytime staff helpful at desk - they have two bikes to borrow which is handy. Views could be great if you get a higher room. Checked out the Raddison Blu across street - looked much nicer!!!
I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September, and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle, but affected me and my husband. For example, he got locked out of our room 2 times, once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa. The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony, so that was stressful because he lost some time. The keycard just would stop working. Then a fuse blew, so we had no power while trying to get ready. It happened to me also, coming back from the spa, and I called on the hallway phone to get help. Luckily, right after that, an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem. I said no, and she called down to check. Apparently, no one had even called Security to get me back into my room! She had a set of keys and let me in, thank god. Then, on our wedding night, my husband wanted to order from room service. It was a little after 10:30pm. We were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about "24 hour dining." That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in. I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping. We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off, so maybe that's why people weren't too intersted in providing good service. I don't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again. BTW, the spa is great to hang out in, even if you're not doing a massage.
Beautiful hotel, but doesn't have a lot to offer for the price. Sheets and pillowcases in the room had stains on them, TV remote would not function properly. Valet service truly needs improvement. We payed quite a bit for overnight parking, and it took them almost an hour to bring our car to us when we needed to leave. When we asked to find out what was taking so long, we got tossed back and forth between bell hop and front desk, with no answers.
My experiences at the Fairmont Chicago were less than desirable. I try to be fair when I write my reviews, but fair is not in the Fairmont Chicago language. From pulling up to check in I felt the gouging start. $54 a night for parking is terrible for this area $30-$35 is the average and that is not affordable as it is but $54 is just disgusting to put on your guests. The parking was more than my car rental. In the room the internet is not complementary it is $16 for standard and $25 for some sort of ultra upgraded internet service. Gouge gouge gouge, who charges for internet anymore and even worse upgraded services. I didn't go online every day of my 8 day stay because of the cost. One update on the internet that they don't tell you upon check in is that if you sign up for the free premiere Fairmont club you will receive free in room internet service, I found that out on the last day of my stay. Other issues with this property is the shower pressure is not very good. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. And I would say there are many other properties that have a better location and price in the city. On a good note the Aria resturant in the Fairmont has a tremendous staff and serves up the best burger and fries I have ever had, loved the complimentary naan and dips to start, and the complimentary orange bark to finish.
The hotel is well located, but the service is poor. They seem to cater to large conventioneers, with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical Fairmont. There are too many specifics to outline here, let's just say that from the front desk, to the spa, room service which only got my order correct one-day, to housekeeping which didn't even clean my room one day (although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room. Yep, that's just what you want to come home to after 10 hrs of meetings! They did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience! The hotel is large and many times between 5-7 pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator. I've stayed at this Fairmont twice. The 1st time I attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price. But it's not worth enduring such poor service. That was the last time for me.
We stayed at the Fairmont two Saturday's in a row, and both stays were disappointing. We had to call the hotel prior to each stay and both times it took the hotel 30-40 minutes to answer their phone. For the price, we expected nicer decor (it looked cheaply done); more comfortable beds-the mattresses were too soft and the sheets too hard-pillows weren't comfortable either; a more accomodating front desk staff. Our friends who were also there on the same dates will undoubtably add similar comments.
For a supposed 4-star hotel, I was not very impressed at akk. The lobby was nice and modern-looking, but there were no bellhops outside to help with bags or open the doors (we didn't arrive that late at night). Additionally, when we walked into the hotel late one night, there was trash and flowers strewn on the lobby floor and, it seemed that there were always water bottles and glasses near the seating area as you walked in. Where was the staff to clean up? That's not a very welcoming sight. The rooms were nice and clean and provided a great view, but the actual location was farther than I would have preferred from Michigan Avenue, andi it was also a little too far south. Area recommendations Rush Street was a lot of fun at night!
My family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early August. We were promised a room with two double beds. When we arrived (earlier than most) we were told they were 45 double beds short. We reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed. We had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a 12 year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away. Little did we know we were being CHARGED a daily fee for this bed. The managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel. The bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night. The managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating. We were so disappointed in this hotel. Also, they do not have a pool here. If you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay $20 a day to use it. $80 for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous. Do yourself a favor, if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise, go elsewhere. Chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one. I never heard back from managment on this issue when I called and emailed so obviously they don't care, even when I told them I'd write a review on this website. Chicago is an awesome city though. We loved it!
Outmoded and worn furnishings combine with some poor original design choices to produce a drab place to stay. This hotel's five-star rating needs a downgrade! When I visited this hotel 14 years ago, The Fairmont was among the classiest brands. No more. My 29th floor room was expansive, but dark -- only one small window and one light was not working. The upholstery was frayed, the bathtub faucet produced only a trickle of water, and the room's door didn't close unless you pulled on it in a certain way. Worse, the management has filled the room with price lists and displays of things to sell you, with one set of snacks even in a large tacky plastic case on the dresser. It was like sleeping in an old vending machine, but when I looked for a pen to take a phone message, there was none to be found. Other reviewers remarked that this hotel "needs updating," but I think some of the original design choices are also to blame. For instance, someone decided to place a series of heavy doors in strange configurations. I couldn't sit on the toilet without leaving the door to the toilet cubby open -- the space wouldn't accommodate my legs. (I am not unusually tall.) There are so many great hotels in Chicago that deserve five stars, that the Fairmont shouldn't be able to compete. See my profile for better ideas. Niftyc
The bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed, so we called maintenance to have it fixed. We returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease. There were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools. We love Chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again.
Seriously overpriced The room was clean and comfortable but did not stand out from any other mid priced hotel. The "amenities" were a smoke screen, nothing was offered that you would not get at a much lesser quality motel but they did not have the basics that you would expect from a Holiday Inn. I would gladly have forgone the scale in the bathroom for a cup of hot coffee that I did not have to get dressed and go down to the lobby to purchase. Being charged $15/day for Internet on top of a $250/night rate was a bit over the top. The bathroom was not well lit which was inconvenient. The shower was a nice size with a fantastic over-sized shower head, unfortunately twice the water pressure was low so the effect was lost. The staff were friendly and helpful, actually the best part of the stay were the staff. All in all I found it overpriced for the quality of the room.
I was very disappointed with the hotel this time. They seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit. The clientele also seem to be of a lower quality. The lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice. The house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee; she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room. I think I will have to stay with the InterContinental next time.
We were disappointed with this hotel. The staff seems hurried and unhelpful. Our room was not made up until after 5 PM despite several requests. The blower in the hallway blew freezing air, but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it. The lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit. The room and bed was comfortable, but the cream and and modern art work are not our style. The room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer. Certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels I have stayed at in Chicago.
I stayed at the Chicago Fairmont for four nights for a conference. My fiance' accompanied me. When we checked in, we were given a room with two full size beds despite the fact that our reservation was for one king size bed. So instead of relaxing on the large luxurious bed we had imagined, we were forced to either sleep in separate beds like Ward and June Cleaver or either cuddle up on a small full size like two college kids in a fraternity house! We discovered that the coffee maker wasn't working and called down to the desk to have someone look at it, and waited two and half hours. We had issues with the plumbing, including extremely slow hot water tap in the bathtub which took 45 minutes to fill. The toilet stopped working twice. We returned one afternoon from the art museum to find the maid in our room, sitting on the bed, watching the tv and talking on her cell phone. They bellman were rude, and wouldn't let my fiance unload our own car which was packed with some of his very expensive camera equipment. There were errors on our bill. Last but not least, we saw a ROACH in the drawers. Alive. The restaurant downstairs was decent, and the location is fairly good since my conference was in the Hyatt next door but for the price you can find someplace better. I will never ever stay here again under any circumstances.
This hotel was chosen by my husband's company as the family came along for the business trip. The location was excellent and we had a great view of the lake and aquarium from the 34th floor. My first impressions were that the room was very nice and everything appeared to be clean. The lobby was undergoing renovation at the entrance, but was otherwise ok. Lots of conferences were taking place so the wait for the elevators was long. Seemed like only 2 elevators were working out of the 6 that were there. I had read from another reviewer to join the Fairmont President's club and wi-fi in the room would be free. We signed up for the club, but were puzzled as to why they don't just offer everyone free wi-fi. Parking fees were exorbitant at $58/night, but thankfully the company was paying for this. We were able to walk to Millennium Park and Navy Pier from our hotel. The hotel is NOT kid-friendly in terms of restaurants or amenities. There is no swimming pool, but the concierge arranged for us to swim at the Swissotel next door (there is an underground tunnel that connects the Fairmont there). We loved the Swissotel's pool on the 42nd floor. Fantastic views from the pool! Although the beds were comfortable, my daughter and I were both victims of bed bugs during our stay. Unfortunately we didn't know until the next day after we returned home. Apparently bed bug bites can take up to 7 days to appear. My daughter and I both shared a bed and were bitten on our sides from our necks to our hips. The bites made you want to claw your skin off! My husband and son who shared the other bed were not bitten at all. Beware of room 3405 -- bed nearest the bathroom!!! I will not be fooled by a clean room again and will be checking under mattresses from now on....
This hotel has a great location, and very friendly staff. However, the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition. I use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for 15 years. Rooms have not been well maintained (old carpets frayed at doors), wall paper peeling off of the walls, TV's from the 80's. There is currently construction going on in the lobby area, making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door.
no bell boys there when you need them, sully staff, no smiles at all in this place. had to wait 30 min for my luggage and was never greeted by any of the staff. boy, sure is a lousy fairmont compared to the one in SF. never here again!
Our trip was our annual anniversary trip. The hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed. Instead we received two double beds. This seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the Hyatt. There were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room. No complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel. Location was more of a business district, not appropriate for pleasure trip. Employees of Hyatt were very friendly and helpful, other than the failure to deliver the reserved room.
The room was dingy and run down - it felt like staying in a cheap motel. The carpet was exceptionally worn, wallpaper peeling, bathroom grout dingy. The place felt like it hadn't been redecorated in 30 years. On top of that, the windows would not open (not unusual for a hig-rise hotel), and there was no air fan for ac or heat - how the temp control was supposed to work, I have no idea (they said 'radient cooling' whatever that is), but we had to call down to the front desk and ask for a floor fan to cool the room and have some air circulation. We even went so far as to prop the door open and put the fan in the fan in the door while we were in the room to not feel suffocated. So much for privacy. I can't comment on the food, because we ate out at every chance. Chicago has some fantastic food! And much of it within easy distance to the hotel. The hotel is in a good location, near the waterfront and millenium park, shopping and dining. The conference facilities were average, but frustrating because they were in the basement and cell phone reception was non-existent. I will never stay in this hotel again, especially for the price, because of the poor room quality.
First let me say, I try not to be too critical, but in some cases the truth is warranted! We checked in and things seemed fine. Location was excellent. Woke up the first morning, to a slightly rumpled bed covered in "stains", I hope-filthy and not 4 star hotel quality. Requested a linen change and heard a knock on the door- a gentleman was there to let me know if I wanted it done to take off the privacy sign, I did and no one even came until later in the day. The room was big enough, had no drawers, suposedly remodeled but carpet didn't reach the wall, toilet paper holder fell off constantly and shower head was broken. The mirrors were great and the water was always hot! The walls were paper thin, I heard every conversation the guests next door had. They were not noisy but you could hear everything including the t.v. through the walls and vents. Internet was $13.00, worked for a bit and then not again, I called customer service and spent 25 minutes on the phone and they asked if they could work on resetting the system and call back later. The hotel did give us a credit for the charges. At this point, enough was enough, we packed our bags and checked out. The front desk was very helpful- kudos to Rocco for caring and being the only friendly staff we saw other than the bell hops!!
My expectations were not high because I booked this hotel through priceline for $58 / night. An amazing deal if not for the fact that you had to wait 15 - 20 minutes for hot water. I called the front desk to tell them that there was no hot water - to which they nonchalantly replied: "try running it for 15 to 20 minutes." They forgot to tell me to keep the water running after my shower, if anyone else expected to use the shower. My boyfriend, who showered after me, had to wait another 10 minutes to get the shower warm again. To make matters worse, after room service was delivered, we called and said we needed another fork. They told us it would cost $3 ($1 for the fork, $2 for delivey charge). Absolutely ridiculous!! At least with a 1 star hotel, you get hot water. This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. I guess you do get what you paid for - I just feel bad for the people who actually paid full price.
Thank god I got this hotel through priceline. I can't imagine paying full price for this place. The tub was moldy and dingy. The toilet didn't flush. Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least. Unless you wanted to pay $5 for a rerun of an NBC show. Oh, and internet? Why that will set you back about $15 for the day. And breakfast? That's about $16 for a cup of coffee, a croissant and two slices of honeydew. This hotel is the pits. The customer service is....absent! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby (decked out like some bad late 80's prom) there's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in. And once you're there, check in is very fast, i'll grant them that. This hotel is a big, crummy rip-off. I will never stay here (and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe).
The lines at the check in desk were tremendously long so we decided to use the computerized self check in. The only option the self check in gave us was the size of the bed. When we got to our room, we immediately realized we were placed in a smoking room but we were unable or perhaps the staff was unwilling to move us to a non smoking room. I am allergic to the smoke and that made my stay uncomfortable. The walls seemed thin and we could clearly hear the conversations of the guests in the rooms next to us. When we went to breakfast, we were seated quickly but it was nearly ten minutes before our server arrived. For the price they were charging, the wait was unacceptable and we went elsewhere. It also took ten extra minutes than promised for the valet to get our car. For forty dollars a day for parking, we expected better.
The Chicago Hyatt Regency deceptively alters the cancellation policy by charging the full room rate upon cancellation--ie the room cannot be cancelled. I recently booked over the phone a one night stay directly with the hotel. The reservation specialist mentioned over the phone there was a 72-hour cancellation policy. However, when I tried to cancel the reservation within that timeframe, Robert, the reservation supervisor, said that the room could not be cancelled at any time without charging full price for the room. He said that I should refer to the confirmation e-mail that states at the bottom that prepayment is required at time of booking / non-refunable. This clearly was not what was agreed to over the phone. I told him to cancel without being charged. In response, he threatened to cancel and charge me for the full stay. Why would someone cancel if they are going to be charged full price? The bottom line is the hotel deceptively changed the terms of the agreement, and Robert should go back to customer service school!
staff was very courteous. desk clerk gave only one coupon for the free breakfast instead of two. second desk clerk gave the wrong time for the breakfast on the second day, causing us to miss the free period. room was very clean, with a nice view of the river. bed was very comfortable. toilet looked like it belonged in a public restroom (no tank; instead it had a stainless steel valve) instead of a 4-star hotel. no dresser to store clothes. no wastebasket in the room, and there was a cover for the icebucket, but no icebucket. folding luggage stand had a broken strap. location was good, close to the river. several american-style eating places nearby. overall, a disappointment for a four-star hotel. i expected more for a hyatt regency.
They allowed parties to go on all night and booked us in a room with no running water. We called security twice for them to do nothing about the party. When they finally came up about 30 people filed out of that room only to file right back in after about 10 minutes. When we called back nothing was done about it. My 2 year old son was awaken by all the loud music and cursing. THEN we get up the next morning at 7:30 to get ready only to find that we have no running water. After the maintenance man piddles around with it for a half hour we have no time to shower and have to ride the two hour train ride dirty and tired from no sleep. They did not resolve this issue. They just keep passing my complaint to "managers" supposedly. It was the worst stay of my life and my poor two year old had to be there for it
THE ROOM I booked a room here and was told I'd be getting a king bed. When I check in, they say they only have a queen bed room available. I protested to no avail. When I got to the room, it was really only a full size bed. So I went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in Chicago. For the pleasure, I paid the same price as a normal king bed room. The full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable. I think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses. We would wake up with body aches and headaches. My wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights. Not good. Also, the internet in the room is hard to set-up, slow to use, and inconsistent. I generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work. The internet worked one day on my iPhone and then would not log me in. It's not really worth it. ROOM SERVICE Room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical. Some mornings they would take our towels (even the ones we hung up to use again) and not replace them, other times they would replace some towels and not others. They would also come at vastly different times. HOTEL SERVICE This hotel LOVES to nickel and dime. I asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it'd be $25. No other hotel I've ever stayed in (regardless of how many stars it had) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room. Late checkout? charge. Shuttle from the airport? - nonexistent. The front deck "gold passport" people can't even figure out how to get you points. In the end I will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay (not that i plan on staying at a Hyatt property again). By the way, apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing. I was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying $25. THE HOTEL The hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower. The west tower has some underground amenities no one uses. The bars are extremely expensive, but the drinks are tasty. The food is edible too, but I wouldn't brag about it. The hotel is not directly on the main street (Michigan), but it's not too far from it. It's right next to the boat tours and, in some rooms, has a view of the Navy Pier. Our room faced another hotel, but we could see a sliver of the pier. The hotel is walking distance from Millennium Park. It's a bit of a walk to any of the L stations though. If you want a wonderful breakfast place, go to Wildberry on Randolph st. It'll have you waiting to eat for a long time, but it's yummy! CONCLUSION I get better rooms, better beds, better service, and better amenities at a Holiday Inn Express or a Best Western. Save the money and stay elsewhere.
The room was very spacious with very nice, colorful decorating. The beds felt like lying on a cloud, and there were four pillows on each bed, two fiberfill and two down so you could choose which you like better. The bathroom was very nice also. Overall, I was very pleased with the stay. You had to show your room key to get in after ten p.m. I thought that was a good security issue. It has a great location too, close to downtown. I would recommend it. The decorations were very classy. Most hotels have two of the same framed art, boring bedspreads and lumpy pillows. The Hyatt Regency was just the opposite.
My family and I stayed at the Hyatt on Wacker Dr. on March 27, 2012. We were excited about the great price we got for your 4-star hotel through priceline. Unfortunately, we were not impressed. In the past, we have stayed at the Hyatt in downtown San Diego for spring break on the Marina, but chose to stay closer to home this year. The room was not clean to our standards when we arrived, even though we paid for an upgrade. We asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after. Upon our return, nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so I can only assume, it wasn't even checked as promised. We only had 3 towels for the 4 of us and had to call for more. They were promptly delivered but room service took 40 + minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice! The curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming, the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it, the honor bar/fridge was gouged and dirty, too! The mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all....There were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well. Very disappointing to say the least. I have buyer's remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds! We were compensated for our upgrade - $20.00 but given the price of parking, taxes, and etc. at this point I wouldn't recommend this Hyatt to anyone. My husband travels and uses his Hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your 4-star hotel. I felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility.
This was the 2nd time that we have stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The first time was far above our expectations for a $69/per night room. The rooms are very nice, and the beds are comfortable. This time we got a great rate through travelzoo @ $104/ night for a room with a view. We were aware of the $41 parking per night. The first night we got there the valet was yelling at us and said that we couldn't park they were full. We had no clue where to park at this point and had to drive around for over 45 minutes looking at closed parking garages. (It was a Saturday evening) Finally found a spot and were told that it would be $38. This was 6 blocks from the hotel. Mind you its -6 outside and we have luggage to carry too. Not very good service for a 5-star hotel. We got inside and apparently they were running a nightclub out of thier lobby, its called the harddrive. That's cool and all, yes it was very noisy but once we got to our room, it wasn't an issue. The HVAC controls to our room were broken. The first night we were ok, but by the second night it was blazing hot in there, 86 degrees. So hot we couldn't sleep. It was miserable. They sent up the "engineer" and he determined that there was definately a problem and opened our window, 24 floors up. It never did cool down enough in there we kept that window open all night. It was 5 below that night and the window being open 8" didn't help. They would not put us in another room either. At checkout, Monday morning, our bill came to $240.43 after taxes for the room. We then had a second bill in which our internet and parking was billed on for $56.65. Cool, I got my reciepts and went on our way. On Wednesday I was on my online banking checking my account, to find that Hyatt charged me $289.03 and another charge of $103.63!!! That is almost $100 more than what the reciepts from checkout say. I was furious, so I called the hotel. Nothing was resolved by my phone call, they treated me as if $100 isn't but something you wipe with. She said give it another day or two and see if the additional authorization falls off. That didn't settle well with me, but what could I do. I waited. Its Friday now. I check on my account again and the charges cleared as they should have with the correct original amounts, and they still have "authorizations" on the two incorrect amounts as well. They have charged me an additional $300!!!!!! Im so furious! and guess what... Hyatt doesn't care. They gave me the same [--] line as they did Wednesday. SAVE YOURSELF SOME HASSLE AND DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL UNLESS YOU HAVE EXTRA MONEY FOR THEM TO PLAY WITH.
I haven't stayed all that much with Hyatt and I'm not sure if I will be going back anytime soon. The staff was very professional and helpful. Our room was close to being 4 stars; however, fell a little short. It really is time for a remodel of the bathroom. The toilet was of an older and flawed design where you had to close the lid to flush. I'm not a germ freak or anything; however, I really don't want to have to constantly have to touch anything on a toilet if I don't have to. The hotel was fully booked with a teen convention (FCCLA) and unfortunately for anyone else we all suffered for it. The noise at night from every direction. The only way to describe it was as if every room around us was having a slumber party. Coming back from dinner one night it took twenty minutes for us to get to our room due to the traffic. With little to no supervision the kids would cut in line to get on the elevators or they would jump floors not to mention having teens going floor to floor to visit with one another, absolutely ridiculous. The lobby of the Hyatt at night was a complete Zoo. During our second night I finally had enough and called to complain only to be told the Hotel was fully aware of the situation and that there really wasn't anything they could do. ...read more
The location of the hotel is great, right on the river and Michigan Ave. Almost everything is within walking distance. At the price, though, and given the 4 star hotel, we expected better walls. Our room was connected to other rooms on both sides by locked doors. The sound from both rooms came in loud and clear. We heard our one neighbor making business deals on his phone (he clearly wasn't speaking loudly), and the other neighbors up at midnight yelling and screaming when they came back drunk. We asked them to be quiet (I shouldn't have expected that to work with some young drunks) then called security, but they did nothing. I was completely annoyed with the noise, especially in an expensive business hotel such as this one. Unless you are in Chicago to party, get drunk, and not get any sleep, I wouldn't stay here.
I travel often for business and this hotel ranks very low on my list. The room had such a strong odor of smoke, it gave me a headache (and I used to be a smoker)! The room service was mediocre and extremely expensive. The hotel is disturbingly huge. Very difficult to navigate your way around it. I waited on hold for twenty minutes to ask a concierge where a pharmacy was located. She curtly gave me cross-street names and hung up. Uhhhhh, how do I know which direction to go in??? Stains on the carpet in the room. A big gauge in the wall, where maybe a thermostat once was??? The shower is decent. All in all, for the price they charge, NO THANKS!!! I'm just glad my company is footing the bill.
I arrived and my friends were already there and visiting a nearby art gallery. They put my name on the reservation and told me to get a key from the front desk when I arrived. The front desk staff gave me the key to my room and I put my stuff away and went to meet the group. We returned late that night and I soon realized the room that my friends were in was not the room that I placed my stuff in that afternoon. We went to speak with the front desk. We were met with "We can't do anything about that right now due to the hour. We will not disrupt the guest staying in the room you say you left your stuff in." Unacceptable!!! My $1500 laptop and all of the things I brought with me were in that room! Not my mistake! FINALLY, after arguing with the head of security for about 30 minutes, they knocked on the door of the room I had left my belongings in and a lady answered. She was upset and stated she had security take the items from her room in the afternoon. All of my belongings were recovered in the security room; however, all of this hullabaloo could have been avoided had they communicated about the situation! Terrible, terrible customer service. They sent up an apology letter, champagne, and chocolate covered strawberries to the room. Although I was appreciative of the gesture, it still does not excuse the fact that they argued and continued to say "We can't do anything about it."
Staying here currently. Had aspired to sleep. The paper thin walls allow even the slightest peep from your neighbor to feel like you're right in bed with them. Couldn't sleep anyway because of the cheap, giant fluffy pillows. Called housekeeping, asked for any help...was simply and accomodatingly told, after my plea for help, could they, would they have any ability to supply me with a reasonable pillow? Complete answer before hanging up: "We do not." Hyatt, may your well executed service lead to your demise. Happy
This hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means. Incompetent service. Hotel ran out of hot water by 9am saturday. Elevators were very slow, waited 10 minutes on any given event. Red line trains ran every 10 minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night. Used my stay toward NW airlines bonus points. Bar was ok. One cup coffee service was awful. No free wireless and no free cable channels. Fridge was 25 bucks a day to use. With http://hotels.com res got it for 65 bucks with tax so what can you expect.?.... Location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives.
We had an issue with housekeeping and the hotel management did not handle it well. They were subject to a brief staff strike and did not inform guests and in fact failed to tell us about the strike and our room never was cleaned. After 4 calls and several hours we were able to get clean towels. Overall service other than check in was poor for a reportedly 4 star hotel.
we love the location and proximity to everything. The staff was very friendly and courteous. They were so nice to our 2.5 year old boy. got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived. We got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . Can't beat that! the only minor issue is the elevator. we have to take 2 separate elevator trips to get to our room. It got a little annoying when we were going in and out often. Otherwise, it was a great stay!
The Omni was chosen for it's location whichworked out perfectly. The bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean ...until...I sat down in the tub...there was BLACK MOLD in the soap holder, in the cracks on the walls between the tile, all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl. Needless to say I drained the tub and took a shower...I really don't care for showers. Oh yes...the toilet leaked as well...The staff were very helpful but I was disappointed. I travel extensively and don't think I will return. we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken, so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel, printed the presentation and delivered it to our room. They try! We booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the 10th floor with a view of the windows of another building...but we weren't there too much.
I have stayed at the Omni off an on over the years. On business, for personal trips. This trip started off quite rocky, and left me very un-impressed. 1) Be aware, they have a new policy where they charge debit card $55 per day for "incidentals" which you *may* incur. They do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card. Even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance. The desk clerk claimed "all the hotels do this now"...funny how when I put a remote employee at the O'Hare hilton on my business debit card, I was never asked for additional funds. Having a policy is one thing, spreading blame for it is another. While not a problem for me, someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this "policy" of theirs. To my knowledge, they never did this sort of thing before. (I don't use Credit Cards, its why I have money in a recession. =)) 2) Rooms were clean, but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list. The only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water (about 600 ML) for $7.50. As such, be careful with the tray of goodies. If the water is $7.50, imagine what the snickers bar might cost. 3) Our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken, and would not move. Calling the front desk resulted in ... nothing. Finally about 9:00 PM I elected to have another look at it, and it seemed to be off its track. I was able to successfully "fix" it, but the lack of response from maintenance, considering the rate for a suite, is sad. I remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive. 4) The seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now. Overall, I think I will be skipping the Omni, and they will get no more of my business. It seems Hilton treats people better overall. It's quite sad, as I have a lot of good memories with Omni. I will not be back.
Under the gloss of a nice building, friendly staff, and a wild set of items in the minibar, this is somewhat below-average hotel. In particular, the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable I ever encountered. After two nights, my wife and I were practically cripped by bed pain. We complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room, but the other room was furnished identically. The owners of the Omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts. I should not be lying on the floor, trying to unkink my back, thinking longingly of the last Red Roof Inn I visited.
The Omni was chosen for it's location whichworked out perfectly. The bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean ...until...I sat down in the tub...there was BLACK MOLD in the soap holder, in the cracks on the walls between the tile, all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl. Needless to say I drained the tub and took a shower...I really don't care for showers. Oh yes...the toilet leaked as well...The staff were very helpful but I was disappointed. I travel extensively and don't think I will return. we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken, so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel, printed the presentation and delivered it to our room. They try! We booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the 10th floor with a view of the windows of another building...but we weren't there too much.
We experienced bed bugs in our room while staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel on the Magnificent Mile. We never received a return call from General Manager Sanjay Mahajan after several voicemails. We will never return to the hotel and will work to spread the word. We also heard from several employees from the cleaning staff that this is common in the hotel.
Here are some pros and cons: Pros: -Good location -Nice staff -Clean room Cons: -Lack of bathroom amenities (I get better items at a Holiday Inn) -Housekeeping wasn't so great... 1. A bathroom rug was taken out of my room (no idea why) and never returned it. The marble floor in the bathroom was very dangerous when slippery...I had to throw towels on the ground to make sure I did not fall. 2. I was charged for items I did not take out of the minibar.
My family booked five nitghts at the Omni Chicago for our upcoming spring break. We took advantage of a pre-paid, non-cancellable offer. We subsequently received a "Bed & Breakfast" offer via email and immediately called the hotel to inquire whether we could switch our reservation (same dates, different offer). We called the 800' number and the customer services representative was so obnoxiously condescending and ignorant, we simply hung up. We had been looking forward to our vacation, but now I am not sure I made the right choice with this hotel. I should have paid closer attention to the reviews - the Ritz, the Four Seasons, and the Peninsula would have never treated us this way. I will post again after our stay on April 17th.
I have been meaning to write a review of the Omni but wasn't sure if people would believe it as most of the reviews are quite high. We stayed here for 5 nights. The room was fine when I walked in. But about five minutes or so I was all congested. Thought it might have been from the flight. I then noticed there was dust everywhere. The TV, the Minibar, and worst of all the air vent. It was literally hanging off the vent. I called down to front desk they said they would send housekeeping up. After 30 minutes of waiting and noticing other things. A bathroom door that wouldn't close, broken light fixtures, a toe or fingernail on the bed. broken bathroom fixtures. This place was a dump. Hopefully the pictures will show some of it. I could go on and on. Almost 90 minutes later the hotel manager came up to look at the room, Both he and head of housekeeping were "shocked" at the room. We were moved to another room, not as large as this one was because the hotel was completely booked, or so I was told. I stayed at the Omni once prior and have to say was very impressed. But this will be the last time. Sad to say. The hotel did cut the rate of our 5 day stay, but doesn't explain how a hotel of this caliber let a room like this pass any inspection.
My family has dubbed the Omni in Chicago "Fawlty Towers" because there always seems to be something wrong. This time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long. It smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing. The bedroom window was bolted shut, so we couldn't get any fresh air into the room. With the amount that the Omni is charging for a room, they should have a much better ventilation system.
I want to issue a travel-warning to folks who might sign up for the weekend deal they offer through travelzoo from time to time: The deal says "free breakfast" included in the price. However, what they don't tell you, is that the breakfast consists of a cup of coffee and a bisquit (or two)! Moreover, you need to ask for these "tickets" at the lobby when you check in - they won't give them to you automatically! We stayed there over Christmas '03, and we, and I noticed several guests who bought the same package, had a rather unpleasant experience! The hotel is nice though, if you don't consider their lousy service!
Will start by saying the employees were wonderful, especially in the restaurant / bar employees, could not have been nicer.....what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond....Unfortunately, that's where it ends! The rooms, in my opinion, appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty...you know, uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area... the first room I was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window!!I kid you not; they seemed as if they were about 15-20 ft from my window!! And this was after I specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view..I was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly, again... just worn out!!!NOT a 4 star hotel, this seemed to be closer to a 2, perhaps being extremely kind 3 star...I travel on business so I know the difference...I merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand! I complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit, she made sure the door was fixed ASAP. They gave me a bottle of wine to compensate..which I utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next 2 days....I wanted to give Omni a shot...big mistake... Unfortunately, brought a friend with me to show her how great Chicago was and I was soooo embarrassed, as I had chosen the hotel...She was extremely disappointed as well...should have gone with my first instinct which was the Conrad!! Lesson learned!
No excuse for a hotel like this to have cold showers on three consecutive days and then to tell customer that engineering will look at it and that we should have told them sooner. I wouldn't expect a cold shower at a budget hotel, let alone an Omni. Great location and the bar is nice.
Complete disappointment. Problems: 1. The alarm clock/stereo thing was broken in my room. It was constantly emitting low, changing hissing noises. Sooo annoying. And there was no off switch on the damn thing. I had to move the bed to unplug it (the outlet was wayyy back, buried behind the big bed). I kept hearing it, and didn't realize what it was, until it had kept me awake for a few hours. 2. The shower was ONLY incredibly hot. Turn it all the way cold...very hot. Turn it to hot, and you get boiling hot. Grrrrreat. So how do I get water that won't scald me? This is very inconvenient early in the morning when you need a shower and are in a hurry, and have to dance into and out of painfully hot water. Good job Omni! 3. Hallway carpets are disgusting and old. Walking around, you'd think you're in a motel 6. And my floor had been flooded or something, and they had box fans running in the hallway, 24/7, to try to dry it out. Talk about an overpriced dump.
Nice big rooms but stinky mildew hallways, fair room service menu and weird elevator set up really hurt my review on the Omni. Location was great but there are a lot of other options. If you get a really good deal on the room, I wouldn't say no.
My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
Not a good start when the front desk isn't willing to tell their customers that they have a problem with your room! We reserved a King Suite, and the hotel put us in a Queen Suite without telling us up front. Only after we confronted the Manager did they come clean about the switch, he offered us a free breakfast, but would not up-grade our room. The whole problem could have been avoided if they would have told us the truth and let us decide if we still were willing to stay at the Omni. We will not be retuning to this Hotel again.
My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back. One more thing, in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table. Within 30 minutes my 5 year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding. They need to update this piece of furniture.
My son & I joined my husband on a work trip. We planned to swim while he was working. We overheard a lady asking when the pool would open as as we were checking in. Though my son was eager to swim as soon as we checked in the pool was still closed at 630 pm. We gave up & went out for the evening. We had a very noisy sleepless night. We weren't facing MI ave, but still heard sirens and I'm not sure what the other noise was, but it sounded like a malfunctioning hand dryer in our ceiling that would sound off about 20x an hour throughout the entire night. I called the front desk the next morning and was told the pool was open, so my (very excited) son got his bathing suit on and we got to the fitness center only to be told by housekeeping that the pool was closed for construction. Upon calling the front desk again the lady claimed she was unaware of the maintenance crew's actions & on my insistence she said she'd look into it. A gentleman called back an hour later & said the pool should open at 5pm...it was 9am. It is now 6pm & we still haven't even seen the pool. We check out tomorrow. We passed up time with grandparents who are in for the holiday to "swim in Chicago." Needless to say we are VERY disappointed.
My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming. When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum. I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool, one white phone and one emergency red phone, to call the desk. Both were out of service!!!! I am glad there wasn't an emergency. As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean.... never heard back.
