Located right in the heart of downtown Chicago i visited this hotel on a business trip. The first things i noticed was how friendly the staff is, and how clean the rooms are (even compared to other luxury hotels) seeing as i had a night layover before my meeting i decided to stop by the Terrace and get a drink, i got a mojito and i must say i was very impressed, i've had my share of mojitos and it was one of the better ones, once i retired back to my room i found the sound system to be excellent, bed was soft and the TV didn't appear burned out at all. Overall i give this a five out of five, the staff was helpful and friendly the whole time and the atmosphere was perfect, i wish i could have stayed longer.
The Talbott Hotel was very classy, professional, and luxurious. I loved how the staff was nice and respectful. I was treated like i was royalty when i was there, when in checked i was greeted by all of the people working behind the front desk and was offered a tour of the hotel. They took my bags and put them in my room while i was taking the tour and they even escorted me to my room right after we were done. This is a very nice and modern looking and their rooms are spacious and clean unlike other hotels in their area. I have recommended this hotel to all of my family and friends and would recommend it to anyone who is going to stay in that area. 
My wife and I booked a Deluxe Accessible Room at this beautiful hotel for three nights. The wonderful photos don't do the hotel justice. It couldn't have been a more ideal stay. The room was spacious and and clean, the bathroom sparkling, with every amenity one could imagine. The bed felt like it had been just delivered. Our views of downtown Chicago were spectacular. On top of all of this, the hotel staff was extremely helpful. They explained the best routes to the restaurants we wanted to eat at, and they even went as far as securing us reservations for the places they knew would be busy! Believe everything good that you read. If you visit Chicago, stay at the Conrad Chicago.
We stayed here for a weekend trip to Chicago and we will come back and stay here again. It was great place front desk clerks were very helpful.Also we loved the view. Very nice quiet place and upto date and super clean. We will def stay here again highly recommended.
My visit to the Conrad Chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none. The lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style. The rooms are beautifully adorned. I especially like the flat screen TV and wired internet. I'm never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast, reliable internet connectivity, and it's included at no additional charge. The view from the room was magnificent...downtown Chicago at night! The Restaurant is spectacular but the Terrace is the place to be when weather permits. You cannot get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods. Don't forget to visit the Health and Fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment. The staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need. Just ask! This is the place to stay in Chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury!
The Conrad Chicago was by far the best experience I have ever had in travel leisure. Not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable, but the food in the restaurant was exquisite. Not to mention the perfect service from the resort's employees! I was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs. I'm naturally a fitness freak, so I was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the 11th floor. Best of all, it was available to guests at any time, day or night. The resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area, so it wasn't a far walk to scope out the shops. The most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous Chicago looks all lit up. It was so relaxing just watching the city come to life. I was very disappointed when I had to pack and leave. Any time that I make my way back to Chicago, you better believe I will be staying at the Conrad Chicago. I recommend this resort to everyone I know who does a lot of traveling.
This hotel is absolutely amazing. I have paid to stay in Hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return. However, here it's comfortable, friendly, and a vacation. In fact, all vacations start with your lodging, and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging? The beds are comfortable, clean, and upscale, while still being homey enough to be relaxed. The services and staff are tops, and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous! And I must commend the cleanliness! Nice place to stay, and worth every penny! Will definitely be coming back! 
The hotel was very nice; Service was great, everyone was very friendly. The room was very elegant and classy. The bed was so comfortable. The room also had a flat screen TV and Bose sound system. Not bad. Overall I had a great experience; with a pleasant staff and perfectly comfortable room, I left here well rested and happy. 
If you are looking for a luxurious downtown Chicago experience, the Conrad Chicago is the place to stay. The rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding, a 42 inch flat screen television, a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub, and views of downtown Chicago that will take your breath away. The hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars, high speed internet, a fitness facility and laundry services. This hotel was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown Chicago.
I stayed at the the Conrad Chicago Hotel last winter with my family and I couldn't be happier with are choice. The staff was very polite and helpfull and the rooms were very comfortable and felt like home. I loved the area of chicago the hotel was in there wasnt alot of crim around and i felt safe being in a new city.
Conrad Chicago it was 5:00 AM my plan just flew in and I was tired I checked myself into the Confad Chicago when I first got there there was a creepy employe the floor was filthy but I got my room in the 5th level of then as I dashed towards the elevator my suite case in hand I entered it then that's where I started to see the beauti of the place the walls where polished wood there was even a small AC/heater unit and it was good. Then out of no where Ting I made it up there this place was great the carpets where velveteen it was a true luxurious hotel I found my rooms and was greeted to a golden door nob I was living in paradise after I got into my room it was a perfect! The room was a perfect 68 degrees. I was shocked to find how confrotable the bed was... perfect! And it had leather pillows and a huge blanket then just when I didn't think it could get any better I look my bathroom its perfect stone and gold! The water actually has a good taste to it like grapes I was so shocked I fell uncontentious I was drowning cause my face fell into the toilet then I woke up you wont believe how fast the assistance will save your life there! I when t back up into my floor and guess what I say out the windows a swimming pool and it was huge Olympic sized swimming pool It was great. I got on my beach suit and went down there and it was heated over all I don't think I can leave and all of the other swimmers where pretty nice rich people and they where alright though a little big stuck up but not too much. Then came dinner time perfect. I must say I am extremely satisfied with my visit! Time to fly back to where I cam from and then my plan took off i'm going to miss that hotel 10/10!
I had a great experience staying at the Conrad Chicago, the service was top notch, the price was good, but out of everything the service was outstanding. I would definitely stay there again when in the area and would suggest it to anyone looking for a good quality hotel in a great location. Right next to the shops at North Bridge!
If you're looking for luxuary, look no more. The Conrad is the best. I was in Chicago on business, and had to stay much longer than anticipated. A coworker suggested this hotel and boy am I glad he did. The location is perfect, you're close to everything. The best part is the Conrad is a smoke free hotel. I'll be back soon. Very Satisfied
My wife and I checked in to this hotel after a rough flight from Los Angeles. We decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel while visiting our recently graduated son, and we were not disappointed. The location could not have been better, as we were afforded easy access to Chicago's culture and shopping by being just off Michigan Avenue. After a long day of exploring the city, we enjoyed a fantastic dinner on the terrace overlooking the city. The halibut was cooked just right, and our waiter made us feel very welcome with some friendly conversation. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling in Chicago! 
My husband and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago on our 1st anniversary tripped and had a WONDERFUL experience thanks to the staff. Not only is the hotel and a great location with many places to eat and socialize within walking distance, but they rooms were also clean and quiet. The staff was helpful and accommodated our requests. We'll definitely be staying here again next time we visit Chicago! Also if you stay you MUST eat at The Restaurant. Fabulous food!
We were amazed by this hotel. The first great part is the location. Its so close to some of the great shopping the city has to offer. The view from the terrace suite at night was breathtaking looking over Chicago. They even had a florist, as I bought my wife a rose. The menus, the lobby, everything was fantastic. The room was clean when we arrived as it was every time we came back to it each day. I didn't use the fitness center but it looked very nice, I did however visit the bar....and when i return to Chicago, I will again.
Having recently been in Chicago for business and based on proximity and aesthetics, I decided to reserve a room at the Conrad Hotel in Chicago and I couldn't have been more delighted with every aspect of my two-night stay. Every conceivable amenity is available from the 42" plasma flat-screen to both wired and wireless internet connections available I was able to stay in constant contact with the office all while in the enviable lap of luxury. My room was not only comfortable and clean, but warm and inviting just as if it were home away from home. If you're in the Chicago area, reserve a room at the Conrad Hotels and Resorts and you will not be disappointed. 
The rooms were beautiful! The staff was friendly and helpful. I love where the Conrad in Chicago was located, it seemed to be close to a lot of places I wanted to visit. Chicago was great, and the Conrad Hotel made my family and my stay that much more exceptional!
Conrad Chicago is one of the nicer hotels I have had the pleasure of staying in recently. The rooms were well furnished and brightly lit, but not to the point of garishness. The convenient location was a plus.
I went to stay at this hotel last year. I have got to say it was a great authentic experience, the dining Restaurant was clean and fantastic the rooms were very comfortable with a friendly staff. Its location couldn't be more perfect so close you can walk to do some shopping. Looking at it from the outside at night is very beautiful. It is very affordable. I recommend this place to anyone and plan on staying again the next time i come to town.
WOW! That is all I can say! My girlfriends and I recently went on a little 'excursion' to Chicago for a girls weekend and we stayed at this beautiful hotel. The rooms were beautifully decorated in a comfortable, modern style. The beds were so comfortable and cozy with the softest bedding I have ever felt on a hotel bed. Our views were just as amazing. We could even see Lake Michigan from our suite. We only dined in the hotel once during our trip, but it was the best time we had. The Aria Restaurant was so elegant yet fun. Very clean and just a great atmosphere. The staff was extremely professional and courteous, going out of their way to ensure our stay was a pleasure from the moment we walked through their doors. Highly recommended! A must see next time you visit this area. 
The Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park Hotel provides a rich, beautiful, cultured atmosphere. During my stay, I felt like royalty. With unparalleled design schemes and beautiful, tranquil views, the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss. The guest services department was second-to-none. The staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible. When dealing with a staff member at Fairmont, I felt as if I were the only guest in the place. The food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king. I will definitely recommend Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park to my friends and colleagues. I will also greatly look forward to my next stay.
Fantastic Hotel! Upscale and luxurious, and in a great location! Rooms are spacious and comfortable and the staff goes out of their way to treat guests like royalty! The rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean, the beds are comfortable and even the bathrooms were to die for! My husband and I had a great time in the lounge and enjoyed many of the amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone, and can't wait to get back there myself!
My three night stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect way to end a weekend. The hotel has a classy but warm atmosphere with color tones that please the mind and soothe the eyes. The staff was ready to help at any notice and always greeted you with a cheerful smile. The mySpa was the getaway of a life time. My only complaint would be that the bed covers were a bit too stiff as they were new and clean but the softness of the bed whisked me away to a deep slumber in no time. Well worth the money and I know my next stay will be much longer. 
When my new fiance told me about his business trip to Chicago I was quite annoyed. Mostly because he insisted I come along. He made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend, with this wonderful hotel. His mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of 2008. She loved it..and so did I! I was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend, but the decor, wonderful staff and massages made up for it! I spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and couldn't have asked for a better experience! I am definately coming along on the next business trip!
My husband and I visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park for our honeymoon. The customer service was amazing. From the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing. These people were proficient, respectful and very thoughtful. The Fairmont had a lounge, a wine room, a bar and a restaurant. I couldn't decide where I wanted to go first! After we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room... It was totally delicious. We also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon! Then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa, once again excellent!! Everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time. We stayed in the gold room. Although it was a little bit smaller than I thought it would be I was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows. My husband and I relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city. It was a wonderful experience that I will never forget. Four thumbs up! 
Fairmont Chicago was a great choice for my wife and I. We couldn't resist the elegant Aria Restaurant and the accommodations. The room was impeccably clean and the city view was utterly amazing. From the moment we checked in, the staff produced a positive atmosphere with genuine hospitality. My wife even suggested we should have had our wedding reception in their beautiful ball room. Overall, I would rate Fairmont Chicago a 10/10!
I just spent the weekend here with my wife, and she loved it as much as I do. I was here several weeks ago for a work trip booked by the company to show our staff off to some big clients, so I didn't have any choice. But when my wife said she wanted to come to Chicago, I knew this was the place to take her. The hotel hasn't just been remodeled, it's been completely redesigned. Things have been moved around to make the flow of the public spaces work better, and the two rooms that I've seen are showplaces. They are amazing. This hotel is part of a luxury chain, and it's easy to see why. They offer full room service at convenient hours. I've been in every eating area now, and they are all great, too. Whether for business or pleasure, you can't beat this. It's a luxury hotel with all the luxurious features you'd expect. My wife was stunned, and yours will be, too. 
I recently made a business trip to Chicago, in which I stayed at the downtown Fairmont hotel. During my visit, I had an aroma-harmony massage. This experience greatly relieved my stress, from all the business meetings I'd had that day. Candace worked wonders for my neck muscles, especially. This was the only amenity that I sought out, during my trip. My time was very limited. However, the entire staff at this hotel treated me as if I were a valued guest. I'll definately stay at this hotel again when I'm in the area. And, I highly recommend the spa!
My husband and I went to Chicago for three nights for a quick get-away. We chose Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park because it was located at the heart of the city, downtown Chicago. The hotel itself was very elegant and modern. The bed was extremely comfortable and I was able to wake up with music from my iPod. I would definitely stay with them again.
I had to write this review! My tired body walked through the doors of The Fairmont. It felt like I walked through heaven's gates, the lobby was majestic and the staff was so friendly, that I was instantly energized. The front desk staff was very helpful and quick to find my reservation and get my bags up to my room. They were so nice to inform me of the health club and spa..oh those wonderful spa treatments that are offered are incredible, I took advantage of a soothing pedicure during my visit (my very first) as well as a massage. I was amazed at the size of the meeting/conference room that we used for an afternoon. The room was so clean and the bed was better than the one at home. The food downstairs in the restaurant smelled so good that as tired as I was after the meeting, instead of room service, I went in,and the food was mouth watering delicious, and the wait staff was very hospitable They take great pride in everything, even the wake up call was friendly. My stay was so great, that I want to go back again soon!
I have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and all I can say is fabulous! The modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in. The front desk is a work of art. I stayed in the anything but standard guestroom. The modern decor, the beautiful artwork, this is the most relaxing hotel room I have ever stayed in. The bathroom is like having your own personal spa, all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time. The rainfall showerhead is to die for people. If you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa. Great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa. I wish I could have stayed longer, next time I will be sure to add a couple of "me" days to my trip and I'm sure I won't even think of going outside those doors.
 While travelling for business I had my family join me and we stayed at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. It is breathtakingly beautiful and plush. The rates for rooms, though not the cheapest choice are quite reasonable for such fabulous amenities. The room decor is elegant modern and my wife says the spa is divine! Guests of this hotel are able to live in luxury - every room is equipped with complementary coffee, access to high speed internet, bathrobes, and 42 inch flat screen televisions. Enjoy the gorgeous city views and live the good life at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park. 
My recent stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was everything I desired and more for my luxury shopping weekend in Chicago. I loved the contemporary style of the rooms complete with modern conveniences like a 42 inch flat screen television and iPod docking station. I appreciated the walking distance to all of Chicago's premiere shopping areas. The concierge was extremely helpful in booking dinner reservations, while the bellman was excellent at providing me with private car service. The services I received at at mySpa were some of the best in the world. Dinner at aria restaurant was delicious. In short, Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect luxury vacation, meeting all my needs and more!
The atmosphere at this hotel is truly remarkable; it has a very modern feel. The rooms were very well designed, and the beds are not your average hotel room beds by any means. The pillow top beds made an already relaxed and comfortable stay that much more enjoyable. 
My husband and I stayed here for a short get-away weekend and loved it. It is so conveniently located close to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave. The staff was very helpful and the room was great. It was definitely worth every penny! I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.
We recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park while travelling for business. What an incredible experience! Friends had stayed there years ago, but when we showed them our photos, they couldn't believe the amazing renovations. While we loved the modern decor and style, our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call Fairmont PURE rooms. I have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling, so I wasn't too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room. I have to say I felt great during our entire stay. We enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at Eno. What a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel. This hotel is truly beautiful, everything you would expect from a high-end, big city hotel. Our stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park didn't disappoint us in any respect. Our only disappointment? We don't have a reason to go back to Chicago anytime soon, but I have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future. 
This hotel is amazing, I would recommend everyone to stay at least one night here if they had the chance. I stayed here on my first honeymoon and they had all the accommodations I expected plus more. I was floored by the friendliness of the staff and they definitely went the extra mile to make everything perfect without any hassle. The restaurants at the Fairmont were amazing as well. When staying at this Hotel, food and wine at their best are portrayed. If I had to make the choice to stay here again, the only thing that I would do differently is schedule the stay to be twice as long (it was so relaxing!!). Already booked another stay for next year I enjoyed it so much. 
My husband and I recently visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel on one of his business trips. I sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work (don't worry- he likes when I return with little "souvenirs" for him, too). Aside from the lovely city of Chicago, this hotel was just amazing! We had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from Houston and were so tired! The staff was genuine and friendly, all while being professional and prompt. We were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room. Too tired to really take it in, we were in bed and asleep in minutes. The beds were quite welcoming! It wasn't until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel! It's gorgeous! Everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated! The lobby somehow didn't make it into our sleepy eyes the night before, but it was just lovely! Later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant. Sushi is one of my husband's favorites, so he tends to be picky. They passed the test according to him! We also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well... everything tasted great and was of excellent quality. Of our two night stay there, the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels (I use a lot of towels I suppose). However, a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones. This however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay! Overall-- we'd love to go there again! Maybe next time I can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa... *wink* 
The windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago's best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury. With fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking. This hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire. with a fabulous restaurant on the 15Th floor with dinning at its best. With it over looking the great Chicago area. So the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff.
My experience at the Hyatt Regency Chicago was simply amazing. I had a wonderful stay there will my husband. My husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go, and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there. They were able to provide us with a Hyatt allergy-friendly room. We were so relieved and the room was beautiful. The furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil. It was the most comfortable stay we have ever had. On top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business, so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient. We took full advantage of the 24 hour room service. I will definitely stay there again. It is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room. 
The Hyatt Regency in Chicago was a wonderful experience for my husband and I as we traveled through the area on vacation. After checking in we simply relaxed in the beautiful atrium for a while before going to our room. To our delight the room was very clean, ultra-modern and furnished with sleek and comfortable furniture. What really impressed us about the room was how spacious it was and the stunning river front views. We were pressed for time to make dinner so decided the Bistro sounded like the best option and it turned out to be a great choice! The food was simply fabulous. After dinner we were able to try out the fitness center, which ended up making our gym at home seem inadequate. This was just what we needed as a restful base for our Chicago vacation and we will definitely stay here again.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago is a wonderful hotel. :) Me and my husband recently stayed there on a summer vacation, and it couldn't have been better! The staff was very polite and helpful, and the rooms were very clean, and they had some of the best beds I've ever slept on! Not to mention the view was amazing! If I had to rate this hotel I'd definitely give it five star, next time I'm in town I will most definitely stay there again!
My girlfriends and I stayed at the Hyatt in Chicago during a shopping trip to the city in June 2010. We found a great deal on Orbitz.com and decided to give it a try. The location was perfect, just off Michigan Avenue,on the Chicago River, so it was easy to walk down the Mag Mile and get to all of the shops without having to pay for cabs or rent a car. The hotel is right next the The Palm restaurant, and within walking distance of several places to eat, both fancy (China Grill, yum!)and affordable (Corner Bakery). The rooms have been recently remodeled and were clean and spacious. We were lucky to get a room with a good view...be sure to ask that you do not have a view of the office building next door! The lobby is typical Hyatt, big and spacious with lots of plants. Service was good. All around an excellent experience and a great deal.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel is perfecty located in the center of downtown Chicago. Whether you are going there for business or pleasure, it is in the perfect place. The rooms are large and beautiful and the ball room took my breath away. The wi-fi connection was perfect for the work I needed to do and the show at the Navy Pier was perfect for when I needed a break. Other hotels have nothing on the Hyatt. I just wish there was a Hyatt Regency in every city for all of my business trips.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel was a delight to stay at. I've never been to Chicago before, but the location was fantastic. They had all sorts of different rooms, from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms. I've never seen so many options for rooms. The room I stayed in was well worth the nightly price. The location was so close to all the activities my husband and I had planned for our vacation. We have never been treated so much like royalty than at the Chicago Hyatt Regency.
From the moment I stepped into the hotel I felt like I was walking into my own castle and everyone was there to serve me. Checking in was done in a matter of seconds and the receptionists were very friendly. I only had one bag with me but they still insisted on helping me carry it to my room, which I loved since I had just had quite a long flight, and made sure I had everything I needed before wishing me a happy stay in the Hyatt Regency Chicago. After settling in and resting for a while I called room service and ordered some dinner which was provided very quickly and tasted like something out of a 5 star restaurant. Overall my experience was very positive and I would be glad to return to the Hyatt upon my next visit. 
Overall, the hotel is beautiful. The service was great. All the employees were friendly and always willing to help. My room on the North end had a great view of the city and the Chicago River. The bed and big fluffy pillows were very comfortable and relaxing. The only downfalls were parking and the fitness room. Parking was a little on the pricey side and not exactly as close to the hotel as one would think it should be. The hotel itself is huge with over 1500 rooms, so you may feel like your getting your daily exercise in just walking from your room to the fitness center depending on where your room is located. 
Quite simply the Hyatt Regency Chicago is the business traveler's best friend. Recently I had to attend a seminar in Chicago and stayed at the Hyatt. To say I was impressed would be an understatement. Centrally located in the heart of downtown, the Hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction. On arrival the staff goes into overdrive. They make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel. The rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with 100 percent cotton linens. My room came equipped with flat screen tv, wi-fi and high speed internet. Room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you. There were also car rental on site as were restaurants, cocktail bar and a 24 hour dining room. They have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features. There is also catering and limo service. The staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional. All in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between. This hotel is definitely worth the price and I will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered. My only regret? That I could not stay much longer. 
I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Chicago. My stay here was wonderful thanks to such a friendly staff. I needed to do some research for work and the free Wi-Fi made this very easy. The bed was so nice and soft! Even the pillows were fluffy. I was able to put my valuables in the in-room safe. The local restaurants were amazing. I will recommend this to my friends and I am staying here again in the future.
I never thought I'd be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home. I am a mother of two children, one of which has severe asthma and allergies. I have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years. So when my sister was getting married in Chicago, I was extremely anxious. The front desk associate, Rosa, was wonderful. She told me that they have Allergy friendly rooms. No perfumes, no harsh cleaning chemicals, no dreaded "industry standard" feather pillows. I booked a room, but was still really worried. I shouldn't have been. Ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home. Maybe even a little better. They had an air purification system for our room. It smelled so fresh! While my husband took our daughter to the Big Bar for Nachos (she never stopped talking about how "totally cool" it was), I ordered room service for my son. The man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating. My son has a lot of food allergies, so I was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details. That's always a little humbling, but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time. I was actually able to enjoy my sister's wedding. The only problem with my stay is that it was too short. We're coming back for our first family vacation since Ethan was born. Thank you, Hyatt Regency Chicago, for making this family's visit possible and positive!!
My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary. We could not have picked a better locate. The price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget. The flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine. My husband loved the Stetson Steakhouse and the 24 hour stay fit gym. We really did not leave the hotel during I stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away. If we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay. This hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and I. What a wonderful ten years celebration.
My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency while attending a family wedding in Chicago. From the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends. Our rooms were ready upon arrival, and they were just as impressive as when I viewed them online. The location couldn't be more convenient to access all of Chicago's shopping and dining areas. We dined in Seston's Chop House, which I highly recommend. The staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience. The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the Windy City!
I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for business, but extended my stay through the weekend because i loved it! The accommodations exceeded my expectations. My bed was very comfortable, the room was big enough, and the shower was so relaxing. I had a great meal in the chop shop and the coffee was delicious at J's express. The fitness center was clean, and inspiring. I will recommend this hotel to others while in the area. 
Great hotel with beautiful scenery! The staff was wonderful and the rooms were comfortable and spacious. They even had a docking station for my iPod! 
I went to Chicago on business last year and I had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious Hyatt Regency Hotel. I opted for the Business Plan, although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from, such as the Allergy Friendly, Monarch Suite, State Suite, all the way up to the Presidential Suite. My suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort, equipped with Wi-Fi, a generous 37 inch television, spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body. I dined at the Stetson's Chop Shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared. The staff was curtious and accommodating. For breakfast, I opted to have my meal brought to my room where I started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong, gourmet coffee. I would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight Chicago stay.
Great hotel!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The room was in perfect shape, very clean and just a beautiful setup. I will definetly go to this hotel many more times when i am in the area! I would definetly recommend it!
The Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel offered PDA or kiosk check-in which was great. They also offer hypo-allergenic rooms with air purification systems which gave us a much more delightful stay. We enjoyed the 24/7 stay fit gym, iHome stereo with iPod docking station, flat screen tv with video on demand and Wi-Fi. Concierge staff was very helpful with assisting us with finding excellent award winning dining and popular attractions in the area. We enjoyed our stay and will definetly return to this hotel in the future for family and business trips.
The Hyatt Regency Chicago is one of the most beautiful hotels that I have ever stayed at. I stayed there for 3 days and two nights. My room had an amazing view and was clean and furnished beautifully. The staff was very kind and very helpful. The concierge staff was kind and helped me to find enjoyable things to do in Chicago. Overall, A beautiful hotel in a beautiful city.
Recently, I traveled to Chicago for a business conference and was lucky enough to stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The whole experience was wonderful! The room was spacious and beautiful, and the bed was so comfortable that I had no problem falling asleep, as I normally do at other hotels. The staff were polite and courteous, and after a delicious breakfast in the restaurant, I went to my conference with a smile on my face.
My husband and I recently traveled to Chicago on a mini vacation. We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in the downtown area. This hotel is simply beautiful. From the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left, we were treated as if we were royalty. I have never been treated so well. We were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs. We stayed in a Superior Corner Suite. The view of the city was the most amazing thing I had ever seen. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. The room didn't seem like we were in a hotel, it had the feeling of home. There was a separate living room area which was wonderful, my husband and I just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline. It was mesmerizing. We ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping, which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping. Most everything is in walking distance. The food was to die for; it was as if we were eating at a 5 star fine dining restaurant. We did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge. The lounge had a classy feel to it, very relaxing yet sophisticated. We even received a massage, in our room. While we did have all the conveniences of home, such as internet and TV, we did not even think about using them, being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives. This was the most romantic vacation my husband and I have ever taken. I cannot express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel. We had other options but I am so glad we decided to stay here. The rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience, which the experience itself is priceless. I will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel. 
The Omni Chicago Hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever had the oppertunity to visit. Not only are the desk clerks very helpful, but you feel like a celebrity when you visit. The workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp. They also have a great indoor pool and a spa. It also comes with 2 sundecks to get a nice tan. If you need a vacation, this is the place to stay.
The Omni Chicago Hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel, particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv's. The windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room, before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows, which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom. An in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay. There's even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince. However, the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use, as well as the whirlpool, Jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool. Sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks. A nice aspect that isn't so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel. The Omni Chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation, particularly when you don't want to be separated from your pet, within the area. 
I truly enjoyed my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel. We stayed in a suite, which was clean and extremely nice, at a very reasonable rate. My husband and I spent quite a bit of time in the indoor pool, but personally I preferred laying out on the sundeck. Service was excellent; they were friendly and all of our needs were met promptly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to have a great experience in the downtown Chicago area.
I recently had my wedding at the Omni Hotel in Chicago and I was more than pleased. The decision to use a hotel as my wedding reception venue was at first a hard one, I was worried that a hotel would be too impersonal but once I met with the staff at the Omni I was certain that it was the way to go. The staff was so attentive and friendly, and I felt as if my wedding was the most important thing at the hotel. I highly recommend the Omni Hotel in Chicago, brides will not be dissapointed!
The Omni Chicago Hotel is a very high quality hotel. This hotel is a very comfortal and high tech place to relax. It has everything you could possibly want to relax, workout, and feel luxurious. A must stay at hotel, I give it five stars.
My husband and I stayed at the Omni after attending a wedding that took place there. We were delighted at the luxury of the rooms and the accomodations were wonderful. Everyone from the concierge to the housekeepers were friendly and professional. We were extremely pleased with the whole experience and look forward to our next trip to Chicago so we can stay there again. And, by the way, the wedding was absolutely gorgeous!
My husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel last weekend and I felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel. I have to say I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel. Not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered. I frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as I did at the Omni Chicago Hotel. From the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty. This is one hotel that I would definitely rate 5 stars. You can be sure, I will absolutely be back in the future.
The Omni Chicago Hotel is amazing little get away right on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. This hotel is warm and homey as well as modern and filled with amenities! The beds are very comfortable and there are flat screen televisions in the rooms (at least both times I have stayed). The Windy City Spa provides a relaxing getaway as well.The indoor pool provides something fun for all ages and the customer service was excellent. The garage was very secure and has unlimited in/out priviledges which made it nice to be able to access the car as much as you wanted without any penalty. All in all, well worth it and will plan to stay again!
I had to go down to Chicago one weekend for the graduation ceremony of my cousin. It was a sudden trip and I didn't even have the time to book a hotel before hand. When I showed up in Chicago and asked my taxi driver to take me to the nearest good hotel, he took me to Omni Chicago Hotel. I was impressed with how clean it was and they didn't have a problem with getting me a room even though I didn't have a reservation. The staff was friendly to me the entire time I was in the hotel, which was just a short two nights, and the cleaning service was top notch.
My family and I vacation in Chicago and stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Upon our arrival we were greeted happily and the kids received FREE bagpacks for their stay which they loved. The staff was great and always greeted us as we walked in and out of the hotel. They even remembered our names! The location of the hotel was amazing, right on the Magnificent Mile. We really enjoyed our stay and the kids loved the indoor pool. I would definitely stay there again if I have the chance and would recommend it to anyone I know going to the Chicago area. 
Me and my husband got married here. We loved the atmosphere of our suite. It felt like home away from home. They have a nice pool. The rooms were clean and the staff was courteous. Thanks so much for doing such a great job with our wedding. Amy C. of Los Angelas, California
The Omni Chicago is hands down, the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area. I am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy. Our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly. I forgot my hair dryer but thankfully, one of the many perks at this hotel, they provide one for you in your room! That's a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer! I have never had a massage like that before! My favortie thing about the Omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests. I am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as I was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done. I also LOVED the TV they provide in the room. A big plasma with a beautiful, crisp picture! I don't even have that at home! Needless to say, I spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning! I will be coming back to the Omni on my next trip to Chicago. That's a promise. 
My stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel was wonderful! I had a last minute business trip, in downtown Chicago, and this is the first place I looked at. I looked at the pictures they show online of the rooms, and the facility itself, and I simply fell in love with the place. The indoor pool, outdoor sun decks, massages, this place really has all you could possibly need, whether you're on vacation, or needing a little stress relieved from a busy week. I mean they even have high speed wireless internet! I would definitely recommend the Omni Chicago Hotel, if you want a great place to stay near Downtown Chicago!
We really enjoyed our stay! It is a beautiful hotel and the entire staff is helpful and polite. They had great suggestions on where to eat, what to do, etc. We were within walking distance of many great Chicago locations like the Navy Pier and Art Institute. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great home away from home in Chicago.
We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel recently and had a great experience! My husband and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown Chicago. We are frequent travelers who are used to staying in well-maintained, luxury properties with many amenities and the Omni Chicago definitely fit the bill. First of all, the hotel is all suites. We stayed in one of the "Premium Suites". The accommodations were definitely luxurious, with premium bedding, very nice robes for our use, and a choice of pillows. We used the hypo-allergenic ones, but I believe you could have also chosen foam or feathers. We were pleased to find that the TV was plasma, we have found that not all hotels have upgraded to plasma and we don't wish to use one of the old-fashioned type of TVs anymore now that we are so used to plasma at home. There were actually two TVs in our suite. There were also some additional amenities that we appreciated such as high-speed internet access, a wet bar, an indoor swimming pool and two gorgeous sundecks for relaxing outside. The location was perfect as it was right in the midst of the Miracle Mile, with so much to do practically at the Omni's doorstep. I also treated myself to the Windy City Massage, which was done in the comfort and luxury of our suite. The masseuse was excellent and she used very high-quality products for my sensitive skin. It was extremely relaxing and I was so pleased to find out that I could get this at the Omni. It was easy for us to see why the Omni came so highly recommended. I also wanted to mention that the staff was very helpful and friendly, recommending several excellent area restaurants. However, we think our best meal was at the Omni's 676 Restaurant, where my husband raved about the bone-in ribeye and I had the carrot soup and the Lake Erie Silver Bass. They had an extensive wine list and we were easily able to choose wines we loved with the staff's guidance. Lastly, the hotel staff also highly recommended we visit the nearby Art Institute of Chicago, which was a highlight of our trip. We loved that there were multiple museums so close to the Omni! We will be frequent visitors at the Omni in the future, where I will definitely be getting the in-room massage again. We are going to pass this recommendation on to all of our friends and family - choose the Omni for a great Chicago experience!
The location of this hotel was superb! Our room was spacious and the view was spectacular. The staff at the hotel treated my family with the upmost respect. One of the front desk staff even helped my five year old tie his shoes while we were waiting for the porter. We will stay here again and advise our friends to do the same.
The Omni Chicago Hotel was a delight to stay in. The second you step into the place, it takes your breath away. It's very modern with an antique twist. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. They are clean. Every member of the staff was courteous and polite. Proud of their place of work. Happy to be there. You don't often see that. The room service was phenomenal. Visiting Chicago was amazing, and staying at the Omni Hotel made my visit that much better. The luxurious pools were an added plus as well. I also enjoyed the gym facilities. I will definitely be staying at the Omni Hotel on my next visit. 
Luxury and comfort combine to give a wonderful sense of relaxation for guests at the Omni Chicago Hotel. Their rooms are some of the cleanest and most well-furnished I have ever seen at a four-diamond hotel, and the 676 Lounge, which has accommodating late hours, was perfect for me to relax after a day of work. The workout room is absolutely HUGE, and each treadmill has its own TV to watch while working out - fantastic! Overall, my experience at the Omni was amazing. I'll definitely be coming back the next time I'm in Chicago!
The Omni Chicago Hotel I am a business woman who travels a great deal out of a month, therefore, my accommodations must meet the highest standards. I was booked for a stay at The Omni Chicago Hotel, located in what is referred to as ' The Magnificent Mile ' in the greater Chicago area. ' Magnificent ', it was! The beautifully red-bricked sky scraper was indeed a breath- taking sight and upon entrance, I had a felling of warmth from the very hospitable welcoming staff. I was impressed with the hotels special rates offered during prime business hours and the guest rooms ranged everything from ' The Presidential Suite to The Governors Suite '. I accepted a more humble room as I would not need to spend very much time there during the day. I did stay inside most nights and the amenities were more than satisfactory. I enjoyed the very spacious exercise room and afterwards, I would take a quick dip in the pool. I toured the hotel as my niece is planning her wedding and just so happens to live close to the hotel. The ' Chagall Ballroom ', was elegant enough for such an occasion and reeked of pure luxury. I was given very adequate maps and directions to and from as my business was conducted throughout the city. That was a life saver. All in all, my experience was more than favorable and I would definitely stay there again along with recommending it to anyone. 
