Hotel Allegro Chicago is a beautiful place. I was originally dreading being in Chicago due to the fact it was all business and no play, but as soon as I saw the inside of the hotel I was stunned! I wasn't expecting to stay at a place that made business trip feel like a get-away vacation. The service there was amazing, everybody was very friendly. When I saw my room, once again my jaw almost dropped. The room was fit for a king, the designs on the wall were so elegant. The beds were extraordinarily comfy. I think for my next business trip I am going to bring my wife and kids with me. I give this Kimpton Hotel 5/5 stars!
When I had to visit Chicago for business I asked some of my associates where to stay and several of them recommended the Hotel Allegro. After my stay I can honestly say that I agree. From the luxurious bedding to the technological amenities, everything was thought of. The only place I find more comfortable then this hotel is my actual home. I now know where I will be staying every time I have business in this city, and anyone I know who is doing the same will hear so.
My wife and I stayed at the allegro this weekend while I was on a business trip. I was very impressed with their hospitality and my wife very much(maybe too much) enjoyed the in-house spa. Rooms service was a bit slow but, overall great hotel would stay again. 
During a recent business trip to Chicago I had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Allegro. The lobby gave a good first impression. It was a very clean with a modern designer's feel and the customer service was great. I proceeded to the counter to check-in and within 5 minutes I had the key to my room. I was told to check out the infamous 312 restaurant but I was tired from my flight. I checked into my room. The room was great. A king size bed 37" flat screen tv and standard desk all designer furniture. After I unpacked I had to check my email. Hooking up to their Wi-Fi was quick and painless! I had a good night sleep and early wake up the next day for my business meeting. I decided to try the restaurant for breakfast. I had an omelet and fruit. The restaurant was great and the food was perfect. I only wish I had more time to stay and enjoy lunch; nevertheless duty called. The concierge had my taxi waiting for me right after breakfast and I was off to work. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago. It's one of the best I've ever stayed at after multiple business trips.
My fiancee and I were looking for a modern, upscale venue for our wedding reception. We have found the perfect location at The James. From the ballroom to the personal attention to detail, each step was handled with care. Now that we have locked in our date, we are more excited than ever. Thank you staff at The James for making our day even more special!
My wife and I spent our honeymoon in Chicago this summer. During this time we stayed that the Hotel Allegro. I knew this would be a positive experience from day one when I actually booked our reservations, the staff was very knowledgeable and courteous, and the whole process was quick, easy, and painless. Upon actually checking in the day of our honeymoon, the customer service was there again the staff again made us feel at home and at ease. The rooms were beautiful and the spa service is excellent. Five Stars and Two Thumbs Up. 
The Hotel Allegro in Chicago is understated luxury. I love the minimalist decor, and the linens were quality and exquisite. You can't beat the location, either, it's located in the heart of the theatre district. Walking distance to all the great restaurants in Chicago! They also offer an in-room spa service, which is pure decadence. I chose to indulge in the Eucalyptus Mani/pedi. It was by far the priciest manicure and pedicure I have had in my life (135 dollars) but it was a wonderful experience. The eucalyptus treatments left my hands and feet feeling so soft yet refreshed at the same time. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to experience the finer thingsthis gorgeous city has to offer.
Extravagant, Exuberant Experience! Our stay at Hotel Allegro was very enjoyable. The intoxicating views made the get-away much more relaxing, as well as the exceptional room service. The rooms were very decorative and well above par. I very much enjoyed the complimentary tea. I Would highly recommend Hotel Allegro as a must stay vacation get-away.
My stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago was an amazing experience! The staff were helpful and considerate, always there to tend to my needs. My suite was extremely clean, and had all the amenities that I could ask for. I almost didn't want to leave my room, because it was so nice. But in the end I did, because the hotel is situated in such a great area, that I had to go out and see some of the sites. This hotel has wonderful rooms and service, and is in a really great area. I suggest that everyone come here if they are staying in Chicago.
This was my first time in Chicago and I tell you they really made me feel like a million bucks. I took a taxi straight from the airport and was greeted at the door by a kind gentlemen who offered to help me with my luggage and assisted me to the check-in counter. I made my way up to my room, which was spectacularly bright and well-lit, then I ordered some food. All in all the food was delicious and the staff were fantastic. If I didn't have such a short stay in Chicago I would have stayed in my hotel room all day!
 If you are traveling to Chicago and need a place to stay, I highly recommend the Hotel Allegro Chicago. It was visiting time visiting Chicago for the first time on a business trip and a friend referred me to the Hotel Allegro. He said they were pet friendly,which was a huge plus. This is because I hate leaving my kitten muffin with a pet sitter every time I travel for business. Upon my arrival, I was met with friendly valet who treated me like I was the only customer who mattered. I walked in and saw a hotel like no other I have seen before or after. The lobby was decorated with modern furniture and paintings and looked like a place I could relax in. After I had entered and checked in, I saw the staircase, which looked like a testament to the staircase in the "Titanic". Frankly, I was amazed and I had not even entered my room yet. My room was a Queen Deluxe room and it was amazing. The bed had a blue headboard,which I have never seen before, and the colors worked together so well I seriously contemplated living there. The room service was exceptional and promptly brought the food I ordered. Later I wanted to get a drink and I enjoyed it at The Bar 312, which is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel. These are the specifics of my stay, but there is much more to be experienced that I did not mention if you visit the Hotel Allegro. In summary, they allow pets, the service is amazing, the decoration superb, and it is conveniently situated next to dining establishments. What more could a person ask for?
I went here with the family, including our dog Marley(They are very pet friendly). We really enjoyed it. This place is huge with over 480 rooms and suites and is in the center of downtown close to shopping and entertainment. It also seems that it would be a great place to have a wedding or to host an event. I will definately be coming back next time I need to come to chicago definately a fine four star hotel!
For Top Class Treatment Choose Hotel Allegro. In all of my years of buisness travel and vacationing, I have never been more happy with the service at a hotel than I was at Hotel Allegro. I searched many hotel websites looking for the perfect hotel to spend our honeymoon, and Hotel Allegro seemed like the right choice. Soon as I walked into to their elaborate lobby area, it was like I was a big shot on Wallstreet, the service was excellent and the best part, they allow animals. They treated my little dog Johnny like he was royalty. They have everything you could ever need in a hotel, from in room spa service to a workout center. They even made sure that I had all of my drinks and amentites ready for the Monday night Bears game. If I were to give have to rate it from a 1 - 10. Id have to give it a 10 many times over. I highly recommend Hotel Allegro in Chicago Illinois and I will be back again.
Having come to Chicago with my three sisters for a relaxing weekend of shopping and spa days, the Hotel Allegro Chicago filled every bit of my checklist. We arrived and immediately were checked in and shown to our rooms; we both had the "double double deluxe". The rooms were gorgeous, well taken care of, clean, comfortable, well decorated and luxurious. The hotel also has a spa which was perfect because we didn't even have to leave the hotel for our relaxing spa day. The hotel has great staff, they were always attentive to our needs. My favorite part was the complimentary tea and cofee - I am a coffee addict and getting my caffeine fix any time of every day was great! Stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago if you want great service from a relaxing and luxurious hotel in the heart of Chicago's hustle and bustle!
A few nights ago, I stayed at the Hotel Allegro in the Theater District of Chicago. I'd heard some amazing things about the great food, and how friendly the staff were. Upon arrival, the service at the front desk and the bellman was fantastic! They treated me as if I stayed there all the time! The rooms were cozy, with very comfortable beds that helped me sleep through my jet lag. I ordered breakfast the next morning, and had room service bring it up. The meal was brought up only a few minutes after ordering, and was delicious! I would recommend these accommodations for anyone traveling, or any families staying in Chicago, as the rooms were very reasonably priced, and is a short distance to lots of great sites. Next time I come through Chicago, I will definitely be staying here! 
I have to admit, I was a little leery about visiting Chicago due to my mild agoraphobia, but after a family member reserved a room at the Hotel Allegro Chicago, my fears were slightly assuaged. A few friends of mine had stayed in this hotel before, and had nothing but positive things to say. With this new-found optimism in mind, I went forward on my journey in confidence. I have to say, I was not let down. From the moment I stepped into the lobby, I felt at home. The concierge called bellboys to move our luggage from the taxi to our rooms, and the check-in process was fast and efficient. The rooms themselves are incredibly homey, feeling less like a hotel room and more like the guest room at a millionaire's mansion. The high comfort level coupled with prompt service when requesting items such as extra pillows and towels, really helped alleviate my apprehensions about staying in Chicago, and provided a secure place to stay at night, or whenever I did not feel like participating with the group. Of course, the rooms are second only to the overall feel of the hotel. I found myself spending less of my downtime in my room and more of it wandering around the building. Overall it's very cozy, and has a certain old-world feeling to it, once again lending to it feeling less like a hotel and more like a mansion at times. It was never overwhelmingly crowded, and the people I did encounter were incredibly friendly, yet not intrusive. I don't usually enjoy staying in hotels, but I love the Allegro Chicago!
My wife and I stayed here for a weekend and we absolutely loved it. The atmosphere was very chic & upscale; in my opinion you get more than what you pay for with the brand name amenities without breaking the bank. My wife even got to bring along her dog (aka #1 man!). I would definitely stay here again & would recommend it to anyone staying in the Chicago area.
My friends and I were in Chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood. Well we came across the Hotel Allegro and immediately fell in love! Everything from the colors, the staff, the architecture, and the pricing were AMAZING! We couldn't have found a better hotel. The service was impeccable..talk about a 5 star hotel for someone with a 2 star budget! My friends and I plan on staying here next year when we return.. I can't wait until then! 
My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary this past weekend. The hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive. The concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay, and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do. We were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel; the lobby, dining areas, and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury. The decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white, and lighting that complimented and set the mood. The bar and lounge areas had excellent service, and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown Chicago. Additionally, my husband and I were extra pleased to learn that because we are AAA members, we would be receiving 20% off our room rate for the weekend. Overall, the amenities and experience of staying at the Hotel Allegro Chicago made us feel like movie stars, pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment, one in which we would definitely choose to stay again.
I recently had the pleasure of spending three nights at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to attend a corporate meeting. To say the rooms at this beautifully renovated hotel are stylish is an understatement. I stayed in one of the more moderately priced rooms yet found all the amenities of premium rooms at other hotels. My room was spacious and furnished in a retro-modern style. A fully stocked refreshment center, wet bar, and LCD HD TV were amongst the standard items. The Allegro is in the center of everything, the Chicago Loop of the financial district, the Chicago Theatre district, great shopping on Slate Street and fine dinning is available adjacent to the hotel (I suggest the 312 Lunch Club). The fitness room is well equipped and clean. The professional and friendly service was the icing on the cake during my stay at the Allegro. My next visit to the Chicago area will definitely include a stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago. 
The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is a wonderful hotel. I had the opportunity to stay there on business and wished I could have stayed for longer. The staff is so nice and helpful. They really treat you like a VIP and are there to help with any questions you might have. The rooms are so beautifully decorated that you wish you could hire their designer to do your home. In my room I had access to my own personal dvd and cd collection. Did I say IN the room? I didn't even have to leave or order something on the television. It was nice to shower with their AVEDA products and get into my microfiber robe and slippers that they supplied me. While staying in for the night I was also able to use my laptop in my room since they have wifi throughout the hotel.The bed was very comfortable and everything was so clean! In the morning I was treated to a great complimentary breakfast and ordered a massage. Yes...ordered. They came to my room and I didn't even have to leave. Very comfy! This hotel was by far the best that I have stayed in and I travel a lot for business so I would know.You always have high expectations when you're staying at hotels and I'm pleased to say that my expectations were far exceeded. I'm recommending this hotel to everyone I know that will be staying in the Chicago area. I will definitely be back and make reservations for a longer stay this time because I just didn't want to leave! I would rate this hotel 5 out of 5 stars.
My friend and I visited Amalfi Hotel last week when we were in Chicago and found it to be a great place, very sophisticated and luxurious, with lots of attention to detail in the decor and wonderful customer service. The beds were comfortable. The room service was great as was the gym... I fully enjoyed the views from the hotel room... so beautiful at night... the city scape. And in the morning, the free continental breakfast was delicious. It was a wonderful experience being at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago. I am eager to visit there again. 
If you have the money, Amalfi Hotel is the place for you. All the way from it's 316 thread count, Egyptian linens to the 24 hour fitness center. This hotel has anything you would need or want. The rooms are equipped with free wi-fi, 32in plasma televisions, multi-head showers and much, much more. You can do anything from fine dining and wine to working on the computers in the business center, which is equipped with computers free to your use. After a long night at the bar, you can get a complimentary breakfast at each floor. Over all the service is great as well. I recommend this hotel to any one from business professionals to young singles looking for a good time. I plan on coming back very soon.
Amalifa Hotel in Chicago was an extremely pleasant and exciting hotel experience. I was taken away by the design and decor of the building and the exceptional customer service. I will definitely be returning for another stay!
I was visiting Chicago for a christening with my fiance. I was impressed with this hotel from the moment I checked in. The lobby was exceptionally modern with color and furnishings. Front desk staff was pleasant and helpful, especially Susan, who quickly suggested and reserved a table for us at Keefer's Steakhouse for a late dinner. The room itself was fabulous. Extremely comfortable King sized bed, dual head shower, breathtakingly beautiful views of the city, I couldn't ask for more. After a great nights sleep we awoke to a great FREE breakfast right outside our room! Next we enjoyed a couple's massage and I was treated to a facial as my fiance took a short run through the city. After a day full of shopping we retired to our room and ordered room service that was on time and delicious. Unfortunately we checked out the next day, because I could have stayed there forever. I fully recommend the Amalfi Hotel Chicago for everyone interested in a superior stay. It is truly a beautiful and well appointed hotel.
Amalfi Hotel Chicago is just minutes from Navy Pier, Michigan Avenue, the Chicago Opera Theater, The House of Blues, and the hottest night clubs. At $200.00 per night, you can expect the very best from your staff, and your accomodations. When I arrived for my weekend stay, I was greeted by a pleasant surprise of wall art, and eclectic style. After reaching my room, I was able to relax in peace on the numerous pillows. I didn't choose to use the spa this trip, but when I come back, it will be the first item on my list! The business office was great, because I had a last minute emergency with work- thank goodness for cocktail hour. Breakfast was delicious. I have already told a friend from Naperville that the next time I'm in town, she'll have to stay at Amalfi with me, instead of commuting. She really missed out! -Atlanta Girl-
The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago was by far one of the best experiences I've had. It definitely felt as comfortable as home with the all the luxuriance of a five star establishment. I had forgotten my favorite CD that puts me to sleep each night. When mentioning this in front of the Front desk clerk, she told me that they have a huge collection of CD's available for guests. Low and behold, they had my favorite CD!! Also, my laptop was not cooperating. Come to find out, they offer every guest full access to their amazing and fully functional business center! From now on, when visiting Chicago, I will ONLY be staying at the Amalfi Hotel!
My husband and I stay at the Amalfi every year for our anniversary. We just love it! The service is wonderful and the staff is very friendly. The hotel has very good cuisine options, which are all very tasty! The hotel is in close proximity to downtown and all the fun things going on there. The rooms are very comfortable and quiet. Perfect for relaxing! Will definitely keep coming back!
This has been one of the most pleasurable hotels Ive ever stayed at. From the beautiful concourse to the amazing food, Amalfi really exceeds its standards. The in-room spa service was so relaxing and the tang of the wine was incredible. I highly recommend this hotel as I will give my stay a 5/5 stars.
Great location in Chicago downtown. The staff is professional and warm. The room is spacious and clean. Nice complimentartry breakfast. I will definitely stay here again next time in Chicago.
Last weekend my wife and i decided to take a weekend trip to Chicago. When looking for a hotel we weren't all that interested in price, but more of a relaxing getaway in the heart of downtown. I did some research and and came across the Amalfi Hotel Chicago. What sparked my interest was it's location and the fact that they offer in room spa treatments. Located in Chicago's river north area, it is close to the magnificent mile so we can get all of our shopping done while staying relatively close to the hotel and also do some sightseeing along the chicago river on one of many chicago boat tours, both of which were fantastic! After a long day out on the town we came back to the hotel to induldge in their in room spa treatments. My wife got the whole works (facial, manicure and pedicure, and hot stone massage therapy), while i enjoyed a deep tissue massage to get rid of some of the pain from walking around all day! For dinner we went downstairs and enjoyed a fabulous dinner at Harry Caray's Italian Steakhouse. Best steak I've ever had, hands down. When we were finished with dinner we just wanted to go back to our room and relax so we hopped into our comfortable king size bed, put in a movie with their in room dvd players and beautiful 32 inch HDTV's. For anyone looking for a nice relaxing getaway to the great city of Chicago, I would recommend The Amalfi Hotel Chicago to anyone. They offer anything you could ever want in a luxury hotel plus more. 
The Amalfi Hotel has become my absolute favorite place to stay when I visit Chicago. This place really knows how to treat their guests. They serve a complimentary breakfast on every floor and even have iPod docking stations in the room! If you want to watch a movie you can just borrow it from their collection. I took advantage of the free wi-fi AND the plush bathrobes. While I stayed there I had to try the spa services that were offered. Wonderful experience! The staff really made me feel comfortable during my stay and I will definitely be staying there again on my next trip to Chicago. 
I recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago in Chicago, Illinois. I must say, that staying at this hotel is like staying at a high end hotel for celebrities. There are spa packages, room service, and the hotel is decorated extremely beautifully. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking to be treated like a star. They take reservations, and also have a great restaurant right inside of the building. Whatever you need, they will accommodate you. This is heaven on earth! I would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel, even if its for one day, its worth it.
I recently stayed at the Amalfi Chicago with my wife on a business trip. We decided to combine business with pleasure and made a long weekend out of our stay after business was concluded. We enjoyed the luxurious in-room spa service and stayed in the superb one bedroom suite with incomparable views of the surrounding city. The individualized attention from check-in to reservations was exceptional and better than what we usually receive from concierge service. The Amalfi actually delivered what they promised and more. Our weekend was more relaxing and enjoyable due to the excellent training of the staff and the amenities offered on site. The hotel's design is modern and sophisticated with the decor being a delight to the senses. Lots of color and clean lines made a great impression and felt both modern and comfortable. Breakfast is served on each floor or in room and my wife especially appreciated the availability of the fresh fruit and yogurt. Being of European descent, I enjoyed the croissants, whole grain muffins, real butter and marmalade. We also brought along our Standard Poodle, Sterling, and the Amalfi is one of the few luxury hotels that allow for pet accommodations and understand that your pet is part of the family. We purchased the pet pamper package and this allowed Sterling to have his days while we had ours and we reunited in the evenings. Sterling slept in our room as usual at the foot of our bed and this contributed to our feeling "at home" while away. For pet lovers this is a big plus. Finally, transportation to and from our corporate jet was arranged with ease by the hotel so we did not bring an assistant with us on this trip to handle these arrangements as is normal. This allowed us a bit more privacy and it is scarce for us to be able to do this, another appreciated bonus of our stay. Thank you Amalfi for a superb experience. 
My fiance and I had taken a trip to Chicago and wanted to stay someplace close to Downtown, so he chose the Amalfi Hotel, located conveniently to everything we needed. This place was phenomenal!!! He chose a romantic getaway package, as we were only in town for a few days and it was the best choice ever. The hotel is super clean and very chic; the beds are so comfortable and the staff is superb. We were able to bring along our dog, which was also really important to us. The first day we were there, we had gone out during the day with our dog and came back to an in-room couple's massage. The masseuses come straight to your room so it's really relaxing and stress-relieving and they were great. After our massages, we went to the Keefer Steakhouse, which the hotel gave us a gift certificate for and the food was fantastic. They do also have a great continental breakfast and we did also eat at the Rocket grill, which was nice as well. In all, our 3 nights there were pretty similar, we went out during the day and had a great time at the hotel while we were there; I've recommended this place to a few of my clients going to the Windy City.
Amalfi Hotel Chicago has several factors that make it one of the best hotels in the chicago area and an experience you will not forget in a long time. Its proximity to some of the best spots in Chicago makes it a visitor's delight. It is close to the Magnificient Mile which is the shopping area, it is also close to the Loop, Merchandise Mart and Michigan Avenue making it a fantastic location with great layout and it has lots of space. Each guest room includes a flat screen HD TV. The beautiful reception has free snacks and drinks even as the hotel provides free breakfast. The 24-hour fitness centre is always open for business.The hotel has a no-smoking policy. It also has free internet facilities, room service, Air conditioning, laundry/drycleaning, multilingual staff to make communication easy, spa services, heating, conference facilities, satelite tv, brailed elevators and pets are allowed. The Concierge desk offer the best wine available and I must add that the wine is great. The hotel prides itself in making you feel like royalty. The staff are very pleasant and the door men are always willing to lend a hand. The hotel places priority on cleanliness as the rooms are always clean. The hotel makes it possible for you to relax, go shopping in the best stores which are close-by, eat in some of the best restaurants and party in clubs most of which they have entered into some form patnership. They offer great deals for every type of customer. I would definitely recommend this place.
having stayed in standard hotels before, when my wife suggested we stay in an upscale hotel for our weekend in Chicago I was skeptical to say the least. After staying at the Amalfi Hotel I may never stay in a regular motel again! Right off the bat instead of a 40 foot counter with snooty workers or kids that started two days ago they have individual desks for check in with people that *gasp* have a clue as to what they are doing. We got the steakhouse package deal at the on-site Keefer's Steakhouse restaurant the food was the highest quality and cooked to perfection. The room was spacious had robes and slippers, a stocked mini-bar, The mattress was comfy, and the whole room was clean. The staff was amazing and had no problems bringing extra towels and pillows for my wife. In the morning the continental breakfast was served on each floor instead of herding into the lobby which I loved cause I love breakfast but not crowds. Unfortunately for me the hotel was close to a lot of shopping, my wife was in heaven however, and we spent a large portion of the day on the magnificent mile attempting to max out my credit cards. The whole trip I believe was made special by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff I would recommend the Amalfi to anyone visiting Chicago.
This hotel allowed me to experience the best of Chicago. The central downtown location was perfect for me and my boyfriend to come and go as we pleased, whether during the day or at night. It was a great get-away spot for me to relax away from work. Probably one of the best beds I've ever slept on. The Italian food that they served at Harry Carey's reminded me of when I lived in Italy. Overall a completely amazing experience. I can't wait to book my next stay here.
My wife and me stayed in the Amalfi Hotel Chicago last August in a weekend visit to Chicago. The hotel is located in the 20 W Kinzie St, in the well-known River North District. We got what the hotel promised: gentle staff, a luxury room with a breathtaking view, magnificent meals and a select wine. I also used its well-equipped gymnasium. We paid $586 with taxes for two nights. I think it was a good price, taking in account the excellent conditions we got there. I would recommend the Amalfi Hotel to anybody with good taste that visits Chicago.
The Amalfi Hotel Chicago is perfect for a romantic get-away. My husband and I spent a weekend away from the kids there and I must say, we were impressed by the staff and the accomodations. We especially enjoyed the in-room spa service. I recommend the Amalfi to anyone wanting a nice hotel in the downtown Chicago area (you are within walking distance of shopping) with great customer service and luxury accomodations!
Recently I traveled to Chicago for business. I was treated to a stay at the InterContinental Chicago by my employer. It truly says something about your company when they are willing to go the extra mile to make time away from family and friends as comfortable and as relaxing as possible for you. I was greeted by a series of smiling faces that were employed at the hotel and all were eager to help. I checked in at the amazingly lavish lobby and was escorted by hotel staff who assisted me with my bags up to my room. My room was dripping with taste. The stylish room was only made more accommodating by the amenities it offered. With a mini-bar, large flat-screen television, and an entire home office setup, I barely had to leave the room. Why would I want to with the amazing views of the lake and entire city. What an amazing experience I had and I will gladly come back.
At the InterContinental Chicago, you pay for more than a room. You pay for an experience. Let me elaborate. I was a bit reluctant to pay a premium for location and amenities. Like any novice traveller to Chicago, I saw the mass glut of cheap accommodations out in the suburbs, and those were originally what I set my sights on. Price is a powerful signal, and the sheer discount of those options drew me in. But after doing a bit of research, I realised that distance does have its costs. The price of transit in the Chicagoland area isn't free. And it's far from what I'm used to. Car use is price prohibitive. (I knew that originally, which is why I wasn't going to drive.) But the sting of using the automobile (parking, congestion, toll roads, etc.) gets shoved off onto taxi fares and auto rental. So, I ultimately had to end up looking for a place well connected with mass transit. But mass transit has its costs too, which meant that staying at a focal point downtown had its advantages. That's what originally drew me to InterContinental. But InterContinental is much more than the right room at the right place. The decor of the rooms and the amenities available to the guest are unsurpassable. I was travelling on international business, so the ease with which I could transact in foreign currency was a draw. (They had a currency exchange right there on the premises.) And the fact that massages, dry cleaning, and event planning were available in-house was a huge plus. My work gets me tied up in knots. It also leaves little time for doing chores. So the ability to grab a massage while my suits were being finished was a relief for me. But, on top of all that, the event planning was what put InterContinental over the top. Being able to coordinate a comprehensive tour of Chicago while completing my business and managing my personal life was a weight off my shoulders--and something I won't forget. In the end, if you're a newcomer to Chicago staying in a time-crunch, the InterContinental is for you. The pricetag of rooming downtown can seem prohibitive, but when you factor in the convenience and savings in marginal costs, it's nothing in the end. And the InterContinental is not only price-competitive with the other downtown options, it also makes staying downtown the convenience and thrill it should be.
Last month, my husband and I stayed at the InterContinental Chicago while we were in town for IMTS. Although they were very busy, the service was excellent and very professional. The staff were always smiling and happy to help. InterContinental was conveniently located near Michigan avenue, and the best stores and restaurants in town. The view from our room was great! Our room was always clean when we arrived home at night, it was decorated nicely, and the beds were extremely comfortable! We ate at the hotel's restaurant Zest, and the food was great! It was by far one of the best hotels we have visited in a while. We will definitely be back!
My husband and I visited this hotel on our way home from our honeymoon. It's a very nice hotel, but the valet parking is very expensive, $53.00 per night was rather high so we opted to park our own car. The pool was very nice, and the water was warm. The front desk was very nice and helpful, If I ever visited Chicago again I would stay there.
The InterContinental Chicago is conveniently located near MIdway airport so the commute was short and easy. The room had a great view of a lake. Room service was available 24 hours a day and the room came with a coffeemaker where you got complimentary coffee and tea which was great I did not have to go out for my morning cup of coffee. There was a business center that had internet, fax machines, and copy machines that was available for use 24 hours a day. One of my favorite things was the fitness center which had masseurs, it was exactly what I needed, very relaxing. The food at the Eno was some of the best I ever ate especially the chocolate, I never wanted to leave. This was a great hotel experience and I would stay there again.
The Inter Continental is a great hotel. The staff was very friendly, and the accomidations were great. The room was clean and ready on time, and the indoor swimming pool was perfect considering Chicago's weather. Eno was simply AMAZING. Their wine selection is second to none. And the Turkey Pumpkin Curry at Zest was to die for.
The InterContinental hotel is truly a hidden treasure. Nestled deep in sky scraping steel epicenter of downtown Chicago, the hotel is a taste of both modern day luxury and old time charm. From the tiled indoor pool surrounded by high Romanesque arching ceilings to the rich mahogany furniture and lace curtains in the suites, the InterContinental was built to satisfy the taste of even the most hardened traveler. Book well in advance as it is one of the most sought after retreats in all of Chicago.
This is a review of a first class hotel the InterContinental Chicago. It's located on Chicago's famous magnificent mile near restaurants, shopping, entertainment, and historic landmarks. The service at the hotel is first class and the accommodations are unbeatable. The hotel also features really fabulous amenities including a nice indoor swimming pool, fine dining, a 24 hour business center, and valet parking. This is a extra ordinary luxury hotel that will make your stay in Chicago a joy. They offer a number of options on the rate and have a selection of package deals available. Visit their website for a photo gallery and a virtual tour. 
I am so glad I decided to stay at the Intercontinental Chicago for my first trip to the city. The staff is very attentive, I felt like I was the only person they had to take care of! The location is great, right on the Magnificent Mile and so close to major attractions. My suite was well appointed and very clean. I even looked behind some furniture for dust and couldn't find any. The hotel is very luxurious. The sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable. The next time I travel to Chicago, I will definitely stay at the Intercontinental again.
 We just returned from a relaxing stay at the InterContinental in Chicago. I have to say the service was phenomenal! From the maid to the concierge and everyone in between, the staff treated us like royalty. It was quite the treat to feel so special. Our room was gorgeous. The view of the city was breathtaking. The luxury mattress and bedding made for the most comfortable peaceful slumber. We found the marble bathroom stunning and impeccably clean. My wife was very pleased with the lighted make-up mirror while I enjoyed the reliable Wi-Fi connection. During our stay we dinned in the Zest. Wow! They offer an extensive wine menu and a full array of gourmet food options. We had to try the famous wiener schnitzel -- it was scrumptious. Afterwards, my wife and I shared the chocolate lava cake, can I just say oh that cake is to die for! Really the best we ever had. In the morning we spent some time working off dinner at the junior olympic swimming pool; followed by an exhilarating round of cardio in the hotels dedicated cardio room. Afterwards, a trip to the sauna was a well deserved refuge. Overall, our stay at the InterContinental in Chicago was nothing short of fabulous. This luxury hotel is complete with the finest of amenities and the most caring staff. We are looking forward to staying at the InterContinental again, hopeful soon! 
This is a great place to stay while visiting Chicago. My husband and I went over the holidays to see my family and we stayed at this hotel. We could not have asked for nicer people! Everyone was always smiling and very helpfull! We usually stay at the Ramada...but will never stay anywhere other than the InterContinental Chicago hotel again! - Casey L. Skinner
Wow! I have been to many hotels as a business man, and have seen my fair share of garbage dump hotels. But wow, this hotel was great. The staff was prompt, the room was extremely clean, and everything just ran like a well-oiled machine. I was particularly impressed with the fact that the front desk gives out free toiletries and other things. Usually I have to pay 5$ for a stupid toothbrush, but not here! I really enjoyed staying at InterContintental. I was very worried about the Chicago area's reputation of bad hotels, but this turned out just great. Next time my boss flies me out to Chicago, I know where I am staying! 
This hotel is in a great city with great personnel working there. The rooms are more than you can expect for a hotel. The services are abundant, leaving no room to complain. With their fine diners, you cannot go wrong with enjoying a peaceful meal while relaxing. With this hotel, it is truly an all-in-one hotel. There are meeting rooms and business centers, leaving unfinished work not be a worry during the stay. In addition, the spacious swimming pool is just the thing needed to relieve yourself of stress. The views from the rooms are breathtaking. I would definitely recommend staying there!
Very beautiful hotel with a wonderful view. The dinning selection is one of the best I have seen in Chicago. I have stayed many places downtown Chicago and nothing matches this. I am a single mother with two children and the concept of having a day care facility on site is just not great for me but for my children as well. The shopping area has great selections right outside of the doors. The biggest thing that I have to say is that the Customer service was great with everything that I needed. I give the hotel a 5 out of 5.
The InterContinental Chicago is located in the heart of Downtown Chicago, Illinois on North Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile. This hotel is located within moments, not minutes, from the Navy Pier, Millennium Park, and Magnificent Mile Shopping. The InterContinental Chicago boasts a modern fitness center that feature free weights, a cardio room, dry saunas, as well as, masseurs. When business knocks at your door, the hotel has a 24 hour business center providing high-speed internet access, fax, and photocopying services. The accommodations at the InterContinental Chicago are elegant with a touch of historic decor. The room had a breath-taking view of Chicago, as well as, had an in-room mini-bar, terry-cloth bath robes, over-sized desks, high-speed internet access, and a 37-inch Hi Def LCD Television. Not only was the overall quality of the property in stunning condition, the staff at the InterContinental Chicago were welcoming, caring, and demonstrated a profound customer-service base.
The InterContinental Chicago Hotel is absolutely magnificent. The rooms are of utmost standard and you get treated with such respect. The staff is always there no matter what. Not only is the hotel beautiful but it surrounded by beautiful lights and beautiful skyscrapers. I give it two dumbs up. If you are ever in Chicago the InterContinental Chicago is the place to stay.
The InterContinental Chicago Hotel is one of the finest hotels I have stayed at in a long time. The atmosphere upon arrival was one of elegance and beauty. The staff welcomed us and catered to our every need. The rooms were plush and very romantic. Interior decor was breathtaking. It is definitely above a 4 star rating and I would not think twice about coming back here. It received my highest recommendation.
This hotel is absolutely beautiful. I is elegant, comfortable and a very relaxing stay. It was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping. I felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. 
My family's seven day stay at the InterContinental Chicago hotel was more than I could ever imagine. The InterContinental is more fantastic than any previous hotel I have visited, because of its wonderful amenities, such as the excellent 24 hour room service, access to personal trainers,and even a dry cleaning service, just to mention a few. My family really enjoyed dining on the contemporary American cuisine at the hotels Zest Restaurant, which served an excellent meal worth every dime of its reasonable price. My most favorite point about the InterContinental Chicago is that it provides entry right into the Windy City, where my family and I had immediate access to transportation, shopping, and city attractions. We had a great time traveling through Chicago and enjoying ourselves while at the same time we felt secure knowing that we had a nice, clean, elegant, safe hotel to travel back to whenever we were done touring the city each day. The InterContinental is a must stay and I will recommend them to anyone who plans on visiting Chicago.
I was going to Chicago last month and wanted a nice hotel that was close to restaurants and shops. I did some research and believed the InterContinental would suit my needs. I sure was not disappointed by my decision! This hotel lots of historic charm. Despite being a larger hotel, the service was top shelf! The rooms, while not large by any means, were extremely well-appointed and very comfortable. My kids loved the big swimming pool that the hotel offered. As for me, I was more impressed with the location to the Magnificent Mile. The hotel also has a nice restaurant on-site. The food was very good and, just like the hotel itself, the restaurant provided perfect customer service. Dollar for dollar, the InterContinental in Chicago is a great deal and I will be staying there again. 
An excellent vacation destination. Clean rooms and many nice features. Superb location and proximity to local attractions. Staff is always friendly and eager to help. Highly recommended to anyone looking to travel to this area. 
A hotel made for royalty. Decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of, it is an amazing experience! It's located right in the middle of everything in Chicago, and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience. The customer service was fantastic, as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own. A beautiful experience that I would certainly do again!
I stayed here with my family when we were in Chicago on a family vacation. All I can say is WOW! A fantastic experience all around. First off, the hotel is magnificent, the lobby/entreway is jaw dropping to say the least. Everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks, to the cleaning staff, to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly. The rooms themselves are fantastic, perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation. The new Serenity beds that the Hilton offered were to die for! One of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years! The kids loved the Ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and I loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours. As usual, it had wifi, which was ultra cheap and very very fast. Over all i highly recommend The Palmer House Hilton!
The Palmer House Hlton Hotel has to be the nicest hotel I have stayed at in Chicago. I went to Chicago on a business trip for a meeting. When I arrived once I walked in, the lobby was beautiful, I couldn't hardly wait to see my room. The rooms were just as nice, the bathroom was immaculate! We had a meeting in the Clark Meeting Room, even that was nice! I wanted to take a tour of the hotel itself! I was there for about 3 days and because of how convenient the hotel was to a lot of major attractions like, Grant Park, Lake Michigan, Mag Mile which is a shopping heaven, and the Navy Pier, it never really like the normal stressed out meetings. I love Chicago and I now have a new favorite hotel to stay at while I'm in town. 
My husband and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for our anniversary. The hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a Hilton brand hotel in a major city. The service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly. The location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater, visit the Lincoln Park zoo and picnic by the lake. All of these were very close to our hotel. The price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations. We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge. Highly recommend. 
If anyone is traveling to Chicago, I would strongly recommend the Palmer House Hilton. I have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and I was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel. I had a guest room with a double bed. At the first sight, the room had perfect decor. The double bed looked comfy and cozy. It wasn't just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me. Since I was in a hurry in my two-day stay, I didn't have time to wander around the town for food. It wasn't a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks. The good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night. I can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks. If you are just touring the city, the hotel is quite close to parks, museum, and a lot of shopping places. If you just need a place to stay, the view from the hotel was pretty good as well. Among all the hotels I have spent time in, the Palmer House Hilton tops the list. 
My husband and I stayed at The Palmer House Hilton last month to celebrate our anniversary. What a wonderful hotel!! We had such a great weekend, largely thanks to The Palmer House. Every amenity we could want was right there at the hotel, at our fingertips. And the location is perfect--right in downtown Chicago. We stayed in one of their one bedroom king suites. It was exquisite--so elegant and beautiful. It was easily the most luxurious suite we have ever stayed in. The service was impeccable. Every employee we encountered was both pleasant and eager to accomodate any need we expressed. We had our anniversary dinner at the Lockwood Restaurant in the hotel. It was delicious! We will definitely return to the Palmer House Hilton for our next special weekend getaway. 
My husband and I snagged a great deal on a weekend trip to Chicago, and decided (at the recommendation of friends) to stay at the Palmer House Hilton. The only word we can use to describe it is "amazing"! Walking into the lobby feels like stepping back in time, it is simply breath-taking. Be sure to check out the ceiling, I have never seen one so beautiful outside of Europe. We checked-in without any issues and were assigned a very lovely room with the most comfortable bed I have encountered in any hotel. Everything is in walking distance of the Palmer House, you couldn't hope to find a better location for exploring downtown Chicago. Everything was perfect with our stay here, I would not stay anywhere else in Chicago from now on.
The Palmer House Hilton is located in the heart of the theatre, financial and shopping districts of downtown Chicago. It is walking distance to museums, shopping, government and corporate buildings. The location makes it perfect for visiting Chicago. The rooms are luxurious, with super comfortable beds and soft sheets. The rooms was clean and quite nice looking. The hotel's restaurants are amazing. The hotel would definately exceed your expectations, whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation. 
The Palmer House Hilton in Chicago is by far the best experience I have ever had away from home. From the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby, you will never want to leave. The multiple ballrooms, board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events. If you're looking for leisure activities, there are two bars, the Lockwood Wine Cellar, and an indoor pool. The staff is professional, friendly and helpful. Room service is excellent, and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city. 
The Palmer House Hilton hotel has it all for the business and leisure traveler out there! I stayed at this hotel on business and all I can say is WOW!!! One of the main things that I liked about the hotel was the indoor pool! I loved being able to go swimming even though it was December and 5 degrees outside! Also, the hotel does offer wireless in the room and this really came in handy for me to keep up with my work after my meetings. I dined at Lockwood Restaurant and Bar and the food was amazing for a hotel! One thing that was a minor negative is that pets are allowed and my original room was next door to a barking dog, but the hotel staff was fantastic as switched up my room so I didn't have to deal with that! All in all, this hotel was fantastic and I look forward to the next time I get to stay here!
My husband and I recently chose the Palmer House Hilton for a rare couple's getaway from our usual life, and an escape it truly provided. There is something to be said for all the modern amenities combined with an aesthetic drawn from a grander and more luxurious time, let alone with ever-elusive accessibility for a wheelchair user! A bonus was that we did not need to feel like we must lug half our usual household with us, because things like alarm clocks, hairdryers and ironing boards were already there, electronic media even available for rent. With a comfortable bed, control over how the room felt, no need to search elsewhere for coffee and excellent room service at our beck and call, we had to remind ourselves that we had planned to leave our room to take advantage of all the Chicago culture in close proximity. Too often a hotel is an overpriced way to get out of making your own bed in the morning, but the Hilton was a true vacation. Thank you.
Very beautiful hotel. The historic features of this hotel make it absolutely amazing. This hotel offers many great guest accommodations of which I enjoyed the spacious, tidy rooms. The staff here are very friendly, helpful, and professional. The concierge went out of her way to make sure we knew about the area and not just what was in the hotel. I especially enjoyed the service at The Lockwood Restaurant here. Our server was excellent and the food was delicious! I must say this hotel exceeded my expectations. All in all, my stay was awesome!
Everything experienced at this hotel was grand. The hotel itself is stunning and the architecture is amazing. From the moment you walk into The Palmer House, you are greeted by friendly helpful staff. The rooms are out of this world with no detail overlooked. Comfortable beds, amazing bathrooms and breathtaking views of Chicago. If you are looking for an extravagant hotel for your next visit to the windy city, i would definately recommend you stay here. Experience Chicago like never before.
The Palmer House Hilton is an incredible break from the real world. The lobby is a throwback to the grand era of travel, and you can just imagine people stepping off the train with their steamer trunks. The lobby is luxe and gilded, with soaring ceilings and is staffed with friendly, accommodating employees. The rooms are plush, with each bed furnished with a Serenity Dreams topper for extra comfort. The room decor is modern and sleek, a world from the tacky furnishings in most hotels. For your convenience, there's a fully-stocked business center, pool, fitness room and workout area - something to accommodate the solo, business or family traveller. 
The Palmer House Hilton hotel takes luxury to a whole new level of existence. The rooms are beautifully decorated, with class and superior quality furniture. The hotels restaurant "lockwood" consist's of delicious French and Italian cuisine. The location is in the prime area to downtown, and shopping areas. This hotel is suited for pristine guests, and those who are not willing to settle for less. If you're looking for not just any stay, but a stay in luxury, you should give The Palmer House Hilton a try. It is one of the best of the best in Chicago, and your stay will be one to remember.
We really enjoyed our stay at the Palmer House Hilton. We were in Chicago for a weekend stay, and wanted something close to State Street, and convenient to the theatre district and the museums, and Michigan Ave. shopping. This is a grand old hotel, with just about every amenity one could wish for. The lobby is fabulous, and the hotel also has some nice restaurants . Our room had a nice king sized bed, and was pretty cozy. Hotel employees were very nice and helpful to us. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want a "grand hotel" type experience at a reasonable price for the many amenities and in a very convenient spot in downtown Chicago. You will definitely feel special.
The Palmer House Hilton was recommended to me by a friend who had visited Chicago the previous summer. I was very happy with the location , and was able to visit the nearby Lake Michigan and Millennium park (beautiful!!). The rooms were good size , and the right amount of luxury for the price. I didn't use room service much , but when I did everything was in order. 
My stay at The Palmer House Hilton was wonderful. I was attracted to this Hotel because it was going to be me and my finance's first time in Chicago. The location of the hotel was perfectly placed Downtown Chicago We took advantage of the Hilton Bed and Breakfast Special. Upon Check in on Friday afternoon we went to the Lockwood restaurant before going to the room for the weekend. We stayed in a One Bedroom Suite with a King Size Bed. The Hotel was spotless. I have never been in a Hotel Room that was so clean. The portions of food was perfect, and everything they provided was on point. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is going to visit Chicago for the first time. The staff is professional, and let you feel like a King and Queen.
Amazing! I was swept away when I walked into the hotel it was gorgeous. The staff was very nice and helpful the hotel was very clean, and the food was delicious. We stayed two nights and the first night we went to the Lockwood restaurant and we were blown away by the food. It has to be the best food in Chicago the atmosphere was very classy and warm and the wait staff was very precise. The decor in our rooms did not look like any hotel I had been at they were very elegant and inviting. I cannot wait to go back it is a true escape from daily life.
